Some are asking for my two cents on the Green New Deal. Here it is: our “shared wealth” would be literally about two cents if we tried this. If Adam Schiff and Democrats are truly interested in transparency, how about we declassify documents so Americans can see the full truth. Let's start with the docs on George Papadopoulos. 

Schiff knows, I know, and the FBI knows that Papadopoulos was not part of any collusion. Nancy Pelosi didn't even wait for negotiations before declaring "no wall money." 

The "conference committee" spent more time watching the Super Bowl then they have actually meeting. 

Do we really think this conference will result in a serious compromise to secure our border? So after nearly two years of investigations, zero evidence of collusion, and plenty of debunked conspiracy theories—including from Chairman Schiff himself—Congressional Democrats now want to EXPAND the Russia probe. 

Seriously. https://t.co/5hSvlMm8gK RT @freedomcaucus: Thanks @seanhannity for your support! https://t.co/0tSke1lajr Third trimester abortions have historically been opposed by +80% of the country. This isn't a partisan issue.

Last night, when @POTUS stood up against late-term abortion and defended the sanctity of life, he wasn't speaking for the GOP. He was speaking on behalf of Americans. Disappointed so many Democrats seemed to have super glue on their seats last night. Many of them could barely applaud for record low unemployment numbers--or even for an ICE agent fighting sex trafficking. What a powerful SOTU address from @POTUS, from honoring the greatest generation to reminding us as Americans to embrace the opportunities ahead.

Democrats now have a choice: are they more interested in attacking this President, or working together for America’s people? There is zero indication Acting AG Whitaker will decline to appear before the Judiciary Committee or fully answer their questions... yet the Democrats are readying a subpoena anyway. This is purely political and a far cry from the careful use of subpoena authority Dems promised. https://t.co/U2y2wuYVn0 Over 2+ years working with Congress POTUS has made multiple reasonable offers to build the wall and secure our country. Democrats continue to reject every single one.

It’s clear he has no choice but to use his national emergency option to take action and make America safe again. Border Patrol Agents and Chiefs are the premier border enforcement experts. It’s their recommendations on how to stop drugs and curtail human trafficking that we should be taking and using. 

Giving them the money, the laws, and the support to do their jobs should be bipartisan. Economy booming, unemployment at record lows, taxes cut, military rebuilt, embassy in Jerusalem, American hostages home, North Korea negotiating, a renegotiated NAFTA + new trade deals in the works...

And pundits want to criticize the President’s schedule? Give me a break. Remember: Adam Schiff (and many on the left) repeatedly said GOP memo detailing FISA abuse was wrong. 

Transcripts from FBI/DOJ witnesses not only prove Schiff statements false, but confirm FISA abuse. FBI knew there was NO collusion for months yet continued the investigation. .@realdonaldtrump: holding dozens of meetings to find a border security compromise

"Conference committee:" 1 meeting in 7 days, with 0 additional meetings currently scheduled

And people wonder why POTUS is being forced toward executive action. Why isn't conference working 24/7? Democrats applaud Obama for secretly going around Congress and sending $1.8 billion to Iran, yet they threaten to sue POTUS for using executive action to protect American families. Blatant politics. 

They didn't negotiate during the shutdown and are hardly pretending to now. Amazing. Hardly 24 hours in to conference talks and Speaker Pelosi announces "no wall money" in a bill. This is a total and open refusal to even negotiate on something fundamental to a secure border.

Stop pretending Democrats are negotiating. Democrats aren't even pretending. Democrats insisted for a month they were ready to negotiate on border security when government reopened. It’s been nearly a week and we have yet to see even one Dem compromise counteroffer to the multiple proposals from POTUS. This is not a negotiation—one side isn’t negotiating. At least Senator Harris is honest. I remember a former President once telling us: "if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it."

That didn't work out well. And neither would "Medicare for All." https://t.co/09V1xQzCn2 Don’t confuse indictments with collusion. Yes, if someone lies under oath, they should be held accountable. But bottom line: it’s been 20+ months, and we have seen ZERO evidence of any Russian collusion. These Mueller moves have nothing to do with POTUS.

There was no collusion. The notion that our southern border needs ZERO additional physical barriers is counter-intuitive and not based in reality. 

POTUS wants technology and personnel too. Parts of a wall = a common sense PART of the solution. End the political grandstanding. Let's find a compromise. Praying today for @RepWalterJones, a dear friend and total class act https://t.co/5gOEYulDfV .@POTUS has said that border barrier construction will commence within weeks. The next 3 weeks will determine whether Congress will do its job and define the construction process. Compromise is important, but not required, to secure our border and protect American families. Democrats have been saying for weeks they’ll negotiate on wall funding when the government is open. POTUS is now giving them yet ANOTHER opportunity to come to the table. Americans will be able to judge for themselves whether Democrats are truly serious about securing our border. Democrats decry federal workers not getting paid in one breath and then cancel votes to leave town early in another. Ridiculous—the shutdown is 33 days old. Where is the sense of urgency? There is zero reason anyone in Congress should go home until this is resolved. Period. 1/3: Speaker Pelosi invites Trump for SOTU

1/16: Pelosi changes course, says “security concerns” prevent SOTU from happening

1/16: DHS and Secret Service fact-check Pelosi, say they’re fully prepared

1/23: Pelosi then disinvites @POTUS 

Blatant partisan games on display Speaker Pelosi invited President Trump to give the SOTU on 1/3, when the shutdown was 2 weeks in, and then tried to reverse her own invitation by making up a "security" excuse when both DHS and Secret Service say they're fully ready.

POTUS is exactly right. SOTU should proceed. The politically motivated attacks on Covington Catholic students have been appalling to watch. All over a grossly mischaracterized story. 

Very clear there is a double standard for conservatives. Wear a MAGA hat, and your side of the story doesn't matter. Dangerous and wrong. The Democrats’ answer to every single offer from President Trump continues to be “no,” without any effort to compromise or meet in the middle. They are not negotiating. They’ve become the party of “resistance” and not “reason.” Grateful for Dr. King’s legacy of fighting for equality and valuing the content of one’s character above all. And may we always remember perhaps one of the greatest principles he stood for: “the time is always right to do what is right.” Democrats have made it extremely clear this shutdown is all about opposing Trump for them. It’s time to pursue other options. 10 USC 274/284 would allow for fence construction without national emergency. Protect our communities, build the wall, and forget unreasonable Democrats. This is the latest and most significant step yet of POTUS showing his willingness to negotiate and compromise with Democrats on the issue of wall funding. At this point, if Democrats refuse to come to the table, it will show they are not at all serious about solving this impasse. Today’s development only underscores the need for the special counsel to wrap this investigation up immediately. The constant secrecy and breathless speculation helps no one. It’s been 20 months—enough is enough. Wrap it up. Show us what you have. To all the pro-life activists marching in D.C. today--THANK YOU for speaking up for those who cannot speak for themselves. Our cause of protecting innocent life is always one worth fighting for. First it was Hawaii. Then it was Puerto Rico. Then it was using military aircraft to fly overseas... all while the government is shut down.

Bravo to POTUS. The Speaker (and all members) should stay in Washington until Democrats can compromise and secure our southern border. https://t.co/XQE1lJ2qmc Homeland Security and Secret Service say they're fully prepared to secure the State of the Union.

Let's call Speaker Pelosi's cancelation what it is. The Democrat party continues to move left supporting open borders--and they want to avoid being exposed for it. RT @SecNielsen: The Department of Homeland Security and the US Secret Service are fully prepared to support and secure the State of the Uni… Nancy Pelosi's claim that she's canceling the State of the Union over  "security concerns" related to the shutdown would almost be believable--if she hadn't already scheduled and invited the President to speak on January 3rd, when the shutdown was 2 weeks old Democrats go on holiday vacations while @POTUS stays in DC. They turn down a bipartisan invitation to the WH. And now they dis-invite the President from the State of the Union.

What about Democrats' actions says they're serious about compromising to solve this? Nothing. Every member of Congress should have to stay in Washington, DC and work--without receiving a paycheck--until we reach an agreement on wall funding. No excuses.

If Democrats are ready to take border security seriously, there's a compromise to be had. House Democrats just rejected an invitation from President Trump to come to the White House for a bipartisan discussion on border security solutions.

And they expect voters to believe they're serious about negotiating to find a compromise? Americans aren't buying it. RT @freedomcaucus: Official position: HFC calls for House to stay in session through the weekend and next week, instead of gaveling out and… Every year the US government pays billions of dollars to people in error. Possible compromise: an amendment allowing recovered money to be spent on border barriers. It wouldn’t appropriate even ONE new dollar, allowing Democrats to keep their promises while securing our borders. Democrats were at $0 for wall funding 3 weeks ago. Today? They're still at $0. 

The notion that negotiations have stalled is a myth because Dems have not negotiated to start with. When Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer get serious about compromising, we can solve this impasse. The NYT piece on the FBI investigating Trump was intended to absolve FBI leadership. It actually does the opposite. It reveals FBI chose to investigate POTUS to retaliate against him for firing Comey. They NEVER had any real evidence but opened an investigation anyway. Unreal. For Congress to be out for the weekend on recess right now makes zero sense. The government is shut down. Our southern border remains vulnerable. Why shouldn’t Congress stay in DC and continue negotiating until we get the job done? Democrats continue to refuse to negotiate in good faith or appropriate any money for border barriers. If they won’t compromise, POTUS should use asset forfeiture money or other discretionary fees to start construction. If not, he should declare a national emergency. It's time. There's a false narrative going around that wall negotiations between Republicans and Democrats are going nowhere. 

It's false because Democrats are not negotiating. At all. Their position is: NO areas of the border need ANY wall funding. No attempt at compromise whatsoever. RT @Jim_Jordan: Last night @RepMarkMeadows and I sent a letter to @RepCummings laying out the case for why Rod Rosenstein must be called to… RT @RepMarkGreen: Just posted --&gt; read my full reaction to last night's prime-time addresses at the @dcexaminer: https://t.co/MZaxqL26l8 Technology and personnel are important. But there are areas of the border where we don't have a physical barrier and need one. The Democrat position that NO areas need ANY additional border wall is not a serious or reasonable argument. Americans don't buy it. https://t.co/WcuwmgXi13 One of the biggest misdirection tactics you're seeing from the left: they're pretending President Trump is ONLY asking for a wall. This is not true. The WH has requested more personnel, technology, etc.--all things we need too. Wall funding is a necessary PART of the solution. Democrats' position in this shutdown is neither reasonable nor sustainable. Holding government funding hostage because you oppose money for parts of a border wall at $5 billion (that's less than 1/10th of 1% of the budget) is not reasonable. Americans expect compromise. RT @RepChipRoy: It is an honor to represent my fellow Texans in Congress. San Antonio, Austin, and all the communities in the Hill Country… When looking at this government shutdown, think about who has consistently been the one initiating attempts at compromise. It's President Trump. Almost all (if not every) meeting/negotiation/etc. has been pushed for by his team. They are the ones trying to find a path forward. https://t.co/4JijaZ43A4
https://t.co/9OMIzywU1s
https://t.co/ymcZtgPJjL
https://t.co/smMkZDtZaO https://t.co/veVcURcAMO .@jack Brian Kolfage is a disabled Veteran and a popular user on your platform. I met with him in my office just a few days ago. People are impersonating him on Twitter to try and scam users for money. He needs to be verified. Why was his application denied? https://t.co/H2MWXoa8yG RT @RepRiggleman: During the #GovernmentShutdown I will not take a paycheck. Instead, I will donate my check to Drakes Branch Volunteer Fir… POTUS' border visit is just the latest example of him and his team truly fighting for America's safety. They are the only ones showing a sense of urgency here. Meanwhile, Hill Democrats won't even negotiate and instead choose to block any proposal involving ANY wall funding. RT @ScottWRasmussen: #GreenNewDeal Is Little Known &amp; Has Limited Support... concerns about costs and giving such power to federal governmen… RT @tedcruz: For too long, members of Congress have abused their power and ignored the will of the American people.

Term limits on members… RT @KFYI: Coming up at 3:06PM: .@SeanHannity The latest on the shutdown, the wall, and the antics of the left.. Freedom Caucus’ Rep. .@Jim_… CNN: "Hiring surged in December, employers added 312,000 jobs"

- 2.6 million jobs created in 2018
- Average hourly pay up 3.2% in December
- More than 400,000 people joined the labor force looking for jobs
https://t.co/KvII4ggTOP RT @RepMarkGreen: I am disappointed the new Pelosi-controlled Congress doesn't seem to take our open border crisis seriously. It's proven a… Not even 24 hours in the majority, Democrats blocked a vote to stay in DC and work until we secure the border—and now they’re openly planning to impeach President Trump. 

This kind of reckless, political headhunting is the exact opposite of what Americans want in Washington. RT @WarrenDavidson: "Buy a Brick, Build the Wall Act" is newly introduced as HR32. It directs @USTreasury to establish a fund allowing priv… Law enforcement and the President both agree: we need a border wall to keep our communities safer. 

Enough with the partisan games. It’s time for Congress to step up and do its job—protect our communities and support our law enforcement. Build the wall. https://t.co/eJcm75xEu9 https://t.co/GEUGM8wWGq Nancy Pelosi’s newest funding proposal doesn’t represent any serious attempt to secure our border or find a compromise. A $1.3 billion Democrat wish list that includes zero money for a border barrier is a non-starter and will not be a legitimate answer to this impasse. Nancy Pelosi told President Trump on national TV the House didn’t have the votes for a border wall bill. We did. It passed easily.

The House passed it. The WH wants it. The Senate majority wants it. The one blocking an open government and a secure border: Chuck Schumer. President Trump has consistently shown a deep admiration and respect for our troops—whether or not the cameras are on—and his trip overseas today is just the latest example. Our military can have confidence they have a determined ally in this WH, as they deserve. God bless them! Thinking of our armed forces members and their families tonight, many of whom celebrated Christmas apart today due to serving and protecting our country. Thank you and Merry Christmas to our military families! We are with you and praying for you. Merry Christmas! May you and your family be blessed today.

“For to us a child is born, to us a son is given; and the government shall be upon His shoulders, and His name shall be called Wonderful Counselor, Mighty God, Everlasting Father, Prince of Peace.” -Isaiah 9:6 RT @RussVought45: .@SenWarren, this is inaccurate. Federal employees will receive their next paycheck, even under a lapse. Let’s come toget… Chuck Schumer continues to block government funding over just $5B for a border wall. Meanwhile the government has previously dealt out billions in improper payments. Perhaps we can reach an agreement to use those recouped payments toward a wall? The President and his team have engaged on an hourly basis to find a path forward to secure our borders and keep America safe.

Meanwhile, Democrats have demonstrated a stronger desire to oppose and punish the President rather than protect our communities. RT @Jim_Jordan: We’re live on Facebook to discuss the need for Wall funding with @RepMarkMeadows, @CongressmanHice, and @RepScottPerry. 

W… RT @freedomcaucus: Join @RepMarkMeadows @Jim_Jordan and other HFC members for #FacebookLive on wall funding NOW: https://t.co/luwDXcJiAi Tonight the House easily passed a CR + $5 billion in border wall funding. Good.

Now, let's keep the government open. The House just passed a bill. The WH is on board with it. The Senate Majority wants it. Who is the one person/group blocking? Chuck Schumer and Senate Democrats. RT @LindseyGrahamSC: I completely support the House Republicans decision to add more wall funding to the spending bill. 

If the House pass… RT @freedomcaucus: It’s time we do what we said and work with President Trump and the American people to secure our borders. RT @michaeljohns: .@freedomcaucus's @RepMarkMeadows to @marthamaccallum on @POTUS properly insisting on #BorderWall funding:

"My phones ha… Just submitted this letter to the CAO, in advance of the government funding deadline. Members of Congress shouldn't be paid when the government isn't open.

If there is a shutdown, I will not be accepting any of my salary for as long as it lasts. https://t.co/ltH2LAr9yg RT @RepRichHudson: I made a promise to my constituents that I would fight for common sense border security. We have a crisis at our souther… RT @CongressmanHice: We get what we deserve when we don't #DoWhatWeSaid. The border crisis is real, and while the #BorderWall cannot be the… Just posted an op-ed in @FoxNews on the fight for border security: "Let’s seize the opportunity to show Americans the sincerity of our principles and our willingness to work for them."

Let’s stand up and fight. It’s now or never.
https://t.co/s9a3UCYVbB RT @itsSpencerBrown: .@RepMarkMeadows and @Jim_Jordan are right: If conservatives don't fight to do what they said, Americans will lose fai… Today we have an opportunity to show the American people who we are. Do we stand up and fight for their interests? Or do we surrender before the hard work even starts--all for the sake of political convenience?

No more excuses. No more games. Stand up and fight. RT @Jim_Jordan: Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.

Fool the American people FOUR TIMES, shame on Congress.

Secure th… RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: .@freedomcaucus members have been consistent for 2 years: fund &amp; build the wall. It is completely unnecessary to stand… RT @edhenry: Rep. Meadows live on @foxandfriends coming up #TheWall https://t.co/mx4XmdGe4S Tonight after votes, around 7:30pm, my @freedomcaucus colleagues and I will be on the House floor to demand Congress vote on a spending bill with border wall funding. We promised we would. It's time to deliver. No more excuses. 

We're ready to fight. RT @RepRichHudson: @RepMarkMeadows I agree 100%. We have a crisis on our southern border. Now is the time to fight! Punting to Feb. 8 on a CR not only gives Democrats a Christmas present, it offers them a Valentine’s Day gift. Democrats will win, the wall will not be built, and Congress will once again have punted when we should’ve been taking a stand. The time to fight is now. Zero excuse. RT @RepRatcliffe: Yes, this is the real transcript of my exchange with Jim Comey. No, I didn’t make this up. https://t.co/bRc4U2Tda4 I asked Director Comey about who paid for the dossier. His response:

1) Republicans paid for it -- (Republicans did not pay for it)
2) "Who cares?"

Yes, this is an FBI Director apparently not caring to know who paid for information used to surveil Americans with a FISA warrant. https://t.co/N7KdEqNxYp All you need to know about Dir. Comey's sanctimonious lecture to Americans today is the fact he takes no responsibility for the erosion of trust in the FBI and DOJ. The rampant process abuses and breaches of protocol occurred on his watch. He refuses to be transparent about it. A question that needs answering: Why did Director Comey authorize agents to break protocol and bypass White House counsel in interviewing General Michael Flynn? It seems part of a pattern: Director Comey didn’t follow protocol. He treated different people by different rules. RT @RobManess: This is sound policy to help families and communities in poverty and distress, not welfare policies of the past that destroy… At a minimum, Judge Sullivan should review these documents in-camera. General Flynn is an American patriot who deserves our thanks--not someone who should fall victim to an incomplete story. This letter from @ChuckGrassley is critically important, asking for declassification of DIA docs on General Flynn. Americans should be able to see these documents and get the full truth about General Flynn's involvement in this "collusion" investigation. The secrecy helps no one. https://t.co/HQSZ1g4You RT @CongressmanHice: We have one final chance to live up to the promise that we made to the parents, small business owners, blue collar wor… This was tremendous. The Opportunity Zones policy embodies the exact kind of principles our government ought to support: encouraging the use of market forces and private investment to help build up economically disadvantaged areas. Bravo @POTUS. https://t.co/mPqadjh9ar Fighting for the protection of the unborn is worth it. And it's incumbent upon our government to use sound science and technology available to pursue alternatives that honor the sanctity of life. https://t.co/jnQpfdsku8 RT @SBAList: If clinical trials using fetal tissue have not been completed, how can you claim they have been successful, Dr. Temple?

- @Re… So many times, Director Comey has sold himself as a detail master who remembers everything and keeps memos of key interactions.

You don't get to do that and then use 200+ different versions of "I don't know" answering questions about investigations you (Comey) were central to. https://t.co/C52dJ15j8T We've got 3 weeks left in the year to keep our commitment: build the wall and secure the border. There's no excuse not to fight for it. 

Read my op-ed with @Jim_Jordan: https://t.co/pGUepJK9Gq RT @freedomcaucus: It's time to keep our promise. https://t.co/5Splwnhg6R RT @nebo_bear_den: Congratulations to our Nebo 4th Grader who won the 2018 Christmas Ornament Contest sponsored by Representative Mark Mead… The transcript from yesterday's James Comey interview is out. It includes:

‘I don’t know’ - 166 times
'I don’t remember' - 71 times
‘I don’t recall’ - 8 times

Read the transcript for yourself. Does this sound like someone interested in telling the full story? .@POTUS made a great choice for Attorney General in Bill Barr. He brings the right kind of experience, wisdom, and qualifications to step in and help keep the President's promise to restore order and transparency at the Department of Justice. To all those celebrating: May you and your loved ones have a happy and blessed #Hanukkah. Chag Sameach from my family to yours! https://t.co/jzvNr2qGoE The words of Bush 41 and Bush 43 have carried significance over the years. But perhaps none were more moving than the last words they shared. "I love you" -- "Dad, I love you and I will see you on the other side."

What a wonderful tribute to a love between a father and son. Joining all of America tonight in mourning over the passing of President Bush 41 and reflecting on his legacy--one devoted to family, love of country, and humble service of his fellow American. What a life well lived. God bless and keep the Bush family. Thank you Capt. Ross, Sgt. Edmond, and Sgt. Elchin. God bless the families of these American heroes. https://t.co/on2eoWGvYq Reports showing caravan heading toward our southern border. People rushing entry points. It's about time Congress show as much resolve to SECURE our border as the individuals seeking to tear it down. 

We have to fund the wall in December. It's now or never. Happy Thanksgiving from my family to yours! We're so grateful for God's grace and the incredible blessings we enjoy in the greatest nation on earth. Hope you and your family have been blessed today. https://t.co/IfTM8sqRho There are over 30,000 BleachBit reasons why the Hillary Clinton email scandal isn't even close to the Ivanka email issue RT @IvankaTrump: Celebrating the passage of the bipartisan #BUILDAct – transformative leg that will ensure US foreign assistance is effecti… Taxpayers and Free Market Groups agree: the final Farm Bill product should be focused on small business and family farms that need the assistance most
https://t.co/C5yCl6AzNZ Good move. This will be a positive step toward limiting youth access to e-cigarettes while still providing alternatives for adult smokers. https://t.co/qT6BoEMRED RT @rachelbovard: Congressman-elect @chiproytx joins @RepMarkMeadows and @CPInst‘s Ed Corrigan to set the conservative agenda for 2019. Cou… Chilling footage. America must stand unequivocally with our ally Israel and their right to defend themselves against this violence. Praying for our Israeli brothers and sisters tonight. https://t.co/qadivZMzFr The goal for a House Republican minority in the coming Congress should be clear and simple: show the same kind of commitment, energy, and resolve to keep our promises that the President has shown in keeping his To all our veterans and military families: thank you. Your service and willingness to answer the call has allowed so many to enjoy the blessings of freedom in America--and today we honor your courage, bravery, and sacrifice. #VeteransDay https://t.co/SJZbi5KCsE Democrats say they are serious about holding government accountable. Ok. Then let's subpoena Rod Rosenstein and declassify any documents that will reveal the truth about whether the FBI failed to disclose critical information in the FISA process. Thanks so much to the great people of Western North Carolina for allowing me to serve you for another term. I'll continue fighting for taxpayers and getting government off the backs of working people! Fall in the Western North Carolina mountains. There's nothing like it. https://t.co/teHRc3N4Tf Great to see Fire Chief Bobby Craig from George Hildebrand Fire Department in Connelly Springs! Annual BBQ event with some of the best barbecue in the district. https://t.co/mMrwlXPK9l Once again, @POTUS @realDonaldTrump keeps his promise. Iran has made clear their intention to bankroll terrorism, fund nuclear weapons programs, and target our allies like Israel. 

This message is clear: America will not endorse the agenda of Iran's corrupt regime. Enough. https://t.co/Lt8nk0vvek RT @kevcirilli: #BREAKING:

BIG JOBS DAY NUMBER:

250K jobs added in October.

Unemployment rate still at 3.7%, still lowest since Dec. of… "U.S. employers added 250,000 jobs in October... soaring past expectations." 

This is not a blip on the radar. These are record-setting trends. When you lower taxes, cut needless regulations, and empower workers, families, and businesses--America thrives.
https://t.co/b90DWPZWuT North Carolina's economy is thriving under @POTUS @realDonaldTrump's policies of lower taxes and less regulation:

- Lowest state unemployment rate in nearly 20 years
- Trade, transportation, and utility sector employment up 3.3%
- NC's 'Real Gross State Product' up 2.6% Over several interviews, we've learned information suggesting the FBI secretly transcribed, and even taped, George Papadopoulos in 2016. 

If these "tapes" do exist, the DOJ must make them available to Americans immediately. Their complete refusal to be transparent helps no one. President Trump just made the point on @IngrahamAngle: he has made everything available in the Russia investigation because he has nothing to hide.

He's right. There was no collusion. The notion that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia was a farce from the beginning. RT @Jim_Jordan: 21 months under @POTUS’s leadership:

-Taxes cut
-Regulations reduced
-Faster economic growth
-Lowest unemployment in 40 ye… Mourning with all Americans today over the senseless attack on our Jewish brothers and sisters in Pittsburgh. May God give the victims' families and friends His peace that surpasses all understanding. Very grateful for our law enforcement professionals who quickly tracked down the perpetrator of this week’s heinous actions. This conduct should be prosecuted and held accountable to the fullest extent. Applause @realDonaldTrump for signing S. 1595 expanding sanctions on countries supporting Hezbollah and its agents. This will be a force in disrupting Hezbollah financial networks and sends an unequivocal message that America will not tolerate sponsorship of terrorism. The booming American economy keeps thriving. We've now seen back to back quarters of +3.0% growth. This is on top of nearly 4.2 million jobs created since @POTUS was elected and the lowest unemployment rate since 1969. https://t.co/VILRQklUn7 What's even clearer after today's interview with George Papadopoulos: the blatant double standard for the politically connected.

Papadopoulos lies to the FBI: goes to prison.

Andy McCabe lies to the FBI: walks free, and the left insists he get a full pension.

See the problem? Great honor to spend time this week meeting with #NC11 firefighters to thank them for their service. These are from Cedar Mountain, Patterson, Pleasant Gardens, and Salem Fire Departments. They're outstanding teams. Thanks to all our first responders for everything you do. https://t.co/M7dvUH9bNZ @mrlaufer @GRAMMYAdvocacy Thank you for making the trip out my friend--Beverly and the team enjoyed having you. You are welcome any time. RT @mrlaufer: I had a great meeting this morning at @RepMarkMeadows office for #DistrictAdvocate day. Thank you for supporting the Music Mo… Read more about his story here in the @BlueRidgeNow. Scot is a hero and a real testimony of what true selflessness looks like. https://t.co/a3DVXL0ThP Two years ago, Scot Love rushed toward the scene of an accident to rescue a woman, Mischelle Calzoncit, from her burning vehicle.

Yesterday, I was honored to meet Scot and present him the Carnegie Medal--given to people who risk their own life to save another. https://t.co/IExnoon0sc George Papadopoulos, the supposed key informant, told the FBI there was no collusion BEFORE the FISA warrant--and the FBI omitted that exculpatory information from the application anyway

With all we've learned about FISA abuses, this is deeply troubling  https://t.co/tftUHDDOU1 Grateful to receive the "Friend of the Farm Bureau Award" last night in Buncombe County--thanks to Farm Bureau President Larry Wooten for having me. I'm proud to know and work with so many incredible Western NC farmers! https://t.co/zIvlNT8E3B A great op-ed from my friend @ChuckGrassley, someone who knows the importance of farming as well as anybody. Congress should keep the Farm Bill focused on beginning and small farmers, not wealthy corporate farms who don't need assistance. https://t.co/2I92XDTreA I had the opportunity to visit the 'Quilts of Valor Ceremony' in Brevard this weekend, honoring WWII, Korean War, and Vietnam veterans. What a privilege to thank these heroes for their service and sacrifice! https://t.co/t8hHnV8h0r How about these BBQ Sundaes! Some of the best barbecue in NC sold in downtown Lenoir. https://t.co/61G7PxTeAX RT @Jim_Jordan: Rod Rosenstein wants a SPECIAL format to testify: only 2 Rep and 2 Dem members of Congress asking questions in closed door… Rod Rosenstein declines to show up before Congress and then asks for special treatment. He wants his interview to be private, in a SCIF, with multiple members excluded. 

There should be NO double standard. Show up and tell the truth under the same conditions as everyone else. Based on additional information we've learned over the last week, it is clear Rod Rosenstein should resign immediately. 

He has not cooperated with Congress, failed to be transparent about his actions, and shown a lack of candor in the way he's characterized a number of events. Rod Rosenstein gave an interview to Wall Street Journal today, after failing to show up in Congress last week to answer questions.

By hiding from Congress and making time for media interviews, Mr. Rosenstein has made his priorities clear. It seems transparency isn't one of them. UPU implemented price control subsidies for China to ship their goods to the U.S. at an unfairly cheap rate. In many cases you could ship products from Shanghai to Western NC more cheaply than you could from NC to Virginia. https://t.co/6IiHr3lHvz Thank you @realDonaldTrump for putting American workers first! https://t.co/TleTAug0lg Huge news: @POTUS is withdrawing the U.S. from the Universal Postal Union. I've advocated for ending these foreign postal subsides for years because they put American small businesses at an incredible disadvantage. Another #AmericaFirst promise kept. https://t.co/ey3yD4ib0i Amazing--first time since 2008 that America has been #1. And it's no accident. The pro-worker, pro-business, and 'America First' policies from this administration work. https://t.co/eIUhEeTi5P - Clinton campaign pays Fusion GPS
- Fusion GPS hires Glenn Simpson
- Glenn Simpson hires Chris Steele and Nellie Ohr
- Steele funnels the fake dossier to Nellie's husband--Bruce Ohr
- Bruce Ohr gives dossier to the FBI

Today, Glenn Simpson took the 5th

We're getting closer RT @Olivia_Beavers: @RepMarkMeadows said the panel will be having discussions in the “coming days” on whether they will move to hold Simpso… RT @jasoninthehouse: IG found criminal wrong-doing by an FBI official and DOJ refused to prosecute.  Should be a MUCH bigger story.  Where… Total hypocrisy. DOJ prosecutes Mike Flynn and George Papadopoulos for lying to the FBI. But a senior FBI official accepted free gifts from a media member, lied to the FBI about it, and faces no prosecution. 

With the DOJ: 'Lying to the FBI is a crime for thee--but not for me.' https://t.co/msrHOGsRoi RT @Jim_Jordan: Still haven’t received from DOJ:

-McCabe memos
-Rosenstein 8/2/17 memo altering scope of Mueller probe
-Unredacted Page FI… What an honor to be in the White House on Saturday welcoming North Carolina's Pastor Andrew Brunson home--finally free after two years. Praise God for his safe return.

Thank you @POTUS @realDonaldTrump and the administration for your commitment to making it happen. https://t.co/X4BCwRpYCB Happy 243rd birthday to the U.S. #Navy! Thank you to all our brave men and women who serve and work so hard to make America's Navy the strongest in the world. You are the best of us!

#UnitedStatesNavy #NavyBirthday #243NavyBday https://t.co/9JGsGsDWKD What a powerful image and reminder of the blessings we enjoy in America. Thrilled for Pastor Brunson's return home today. https://t.co/LqkZrILzAN RT @Olivia_Beavers: Clearly angers Republicans. “It is very telling when Glenn Simpson has talked to multiple reporters and multiple indivi… Amazing news and an answer to prayer. Tremendous work by President Trump and the administration team pushing for this. We look forward to your return, Pastor Brunson! https://t.co/qAQ4ecSVBD RT @Jim_Jordan: You know we’re getting close when first Rosenstein is a no-show, and now Glenn Simpson is taking the 5th.

 https://t.co/TB… Rod Rosenstein doesn’t show today. Now Fusion's Glenn Simpson reportedly takes the Fifth.
 
At some point, we have to realize: the problem has never been President Trump. The problem is the coordinated effort to undermine him... and those who will stop at nothing to cover it up. https://t.co/KtE3b00Ki8 RT @IngridNews13: UPDATE on FLASH FLOOD WARNINGS this morning. Flooding and down trees have been reported in McDowell county. @WLOS_13 http… RT @BRNDerek: Be careful if you're driving around Henderson County today; calls of trees down coming in over the scanner regularly, even em… What courage and selfless service looks like. Amazing. Pray for our first responders and all the families who will be impacted by the hurricane. https://t.co/BdqdX2IA6N RT @NWSRaleigh: 6:00 AM briefing on Hurricane #Michael. Changes with this advisory  include higher rainfall totals for Central North Caroli… Nikki Haley has set a new standard for what American leadership at the UN should look like. She stood with our allies and held our adversaries accountable, even when it required standing alone on the world stage. We will miss her, but we are all better off thanks to her service. I am deeply disturbed by the reports regarding Saudi Arabian journalist, Jamal Khashoggi. I pray they are not true--but if they are, there must be answers and accountability. Violence against journalists around the world is a direct threat to freedom. Prayers for Sgt. James Slape's family. God bless them. https://t.co/yWVYghGUwi Another originalist Justice on the Supreme Court. Another promise kept. Congratulations, Justice Kavanaugh.

Thank you @POTUS @realDonaldTrump and Senate leadership for your outstanding work. Understandably, this may not get a ton of headlines today--but it's major news for Western North Carolina. These reforms are bipartisan and really important for cost saving, disaster assistance, and stability for the aviation industry. Thanks @RepBillShuster for your leadership. https://t.co/iVJRinsN6b Amidst a news-cycle of chaos, the good numbers keep coming in. Unemployment at 3.7%--the lowest level in 49 years! Remarkable. 

Conservative policies on tax cuts and deregulation are delivering results for American workers. https://t.co/iK4hu72EXo Please pray for these officers and their families https://t.co/WNMlpBYCSz RT @FreedomWorks: FreedomWorks’ Member of the Month for October 2018: Rep. Mark Meadows (R-N.C.)! @RepMarkMeadows 

#ampFW https://t.co/0Rp… These are phenomenal moments every time, without fail. Thank you for your service Sgt. Shurer. https://t.co/7NBWMcW4LW Congratulations to the Bryson City Fire Department on their grant award from the DHS--going toward their recruitment program. Very grateful for all our Swain County first responders! Thanks so much for everything you do. https://t.co/FnFAWd7OtI RT @SharylAttkisson: Get the inside story on the battle between Congress and @TheJusticeDept If you missed today's cover story, you can wat… Congratulations to @POTUS @realDonaldTrump and the WH team on a job well done renegotiating NAFTA--will be a major win for American workers and farmers. The President continues to deliver on his 'America First' promise. RT @RepGoodlatte: As part of our joint investigation into decisions made by DOJ in 2016, today I subpoenaed Glenn Simpson to appear for a d… Leadership has agreed to call Rod Rosenstein before Congress, for a closed door hearing with our panel investigating, so he can explain his alleged comments on "wiring" POTUS--as well as other inconsistent statements.

If Mr. Rosenstein fails to show up, we will subpoena him. RT @Jim_Jordan: https://t.co/8RCDmnsugt RT @faberfamilyfarm: Today, @RepMarkMeadows, chairman of @freedomcaucus, urged @HouseAgNews to support #FarmBill reforms that will ensure t… There is zero excuse for Congress not to call Rod Rosenstein to testify under oath on his alleged comments about "wiring the President." 

Failure to even question the no. 2 DOJ official after he reportedly said these things would amount to a dereliction of duty. RT @stephdpedersen: Nearly two weeks after Hurricane Florence hit North Carolina, officials say the Waccamaw River is cresting today in Con… RT @freedomcaucus: Tonight the Freedom Caucus took an official position that Rod Rosenstein needs to come testify before the Judiciary comm… Tonight, the @freedomcaucus took an official position:

Deputy AG Rod Rosenstein should come before the House Judiciary Committee within the week and testify under oath about his alleged comments, or he should resign immediately. You can't have the number two official at the Department of Justice making comments about wiring the President and not address it. 

Rod Rosenstein must come before Congress this week, under oath, and tell the truth about his alleged statements. Rod Rosenstein allegedly talks about 'secret tapings' in a DOJ meeting but denies actually doing it. 

I'm much more concerned about potential secret tapings that officials authorized and now won't talk about it. https://t.co/NlC4FxzqU1 The latest reports on Rod Rosenstein underscore the desperate need for transparency at the DOJ. Release the documents. Declassify everything. Stop the games and show Americans the truth about this Russia investigation.
 
If they have nothing to hide, they should act like it. RT @Alyssafarah: .@RepMarkMeadows while surveying hurricane damage in North Carolina was told by a 30 year veteran of disaster relief “I’ve… RT @Jim_Jordan: Rosenstein denies the NYT story.

Mr. Rosenstein, give Congress the McCabe memos that we asked for in July and all the othe… Andy McCabe is under investigation for lying to the FBI. His words and memos should be viewed with extreme skepticism.

But if this story is true, it underscores a gravely troubling culture at FBI/DOJ and the need for FULL transparency. Declassify everything. Let Americans judge. RT @Jim_Jordan: The DOJ should turn over the documents ASAP so Congress can do its proper Constitutional oversight.

No leaks. No games. Ju… 