My statement on the passing of John Dingell https://t.co/PHQF3g0yrf Every eligible American voter should be completely free to exercise their right to vote at every opportunity and cast a ballot. Every single valid vote should be counted. The Democrat Politician Protection Act would not fix problems with our elections – it would exacerbate them. The Natural Resources Management Act is a broad, bipartisan package that tackles conservation, economic development and land access issues of importance to nearly every member of this body. I look forward to it passing soon. I’m glad @POTUS has nominated Neomi Rao to the DC Circuit Court Of Appeals. She has the top rating from the American Bar Association, and I’m confident she will be a fair and impartial judge on this important court. https://t.co/72HnWsyBSb William Barr has been confirmed by the Senate three times without opposition. He has the experience and is eminently qualified to perform the duties of Attorney General. I hope and expect he will be confirmed next week. As I’ve said time and time again: Mindless obstruction is unacceptable. 
The only way this divided Congress will be able to choose greatness and deliver significant legislation is by focusing on -- as President Trump put it -- “cooperation, compromise, and the common good.” To tackle these challenges, the American people deserve the full attention of a fully-functioning Congress. They deserve a Democratic Party that puts the public interest ahead of political spite and comes to the table to negotiate necessary compromises. The President also highlighted some national challenges -- like addressing the humanitarian and security crisis on our border, rebuilding American infrastructure, lowering healthcare costs and fighting on behalf of American workers and job creators. Last night, President Trump shared a hopeful vision of a bright future for America. He reminded us that, in part, that future is bright because of recent years’ big achievements: Tax reform, regulatory reform, landmark legislation to combat the opioid epidemic, and more. Proud to have Kentuckian Lisa Minton as my guest for @POTUS #SOTU. Lisa is the Executive Director of @ChrysalisKy, #Kentucky’s oldest &amp; largest licensed substance abuse treatment program for women. She’s at the forefront of the ongoing fight against #opioid addiction. #KYinDC https://t.co/uceep3PfKw I will be talking about the State of the Union at 7 PM with @marthamaccallum on @FoxNews #TheStory https://t.co/2Zsm2gQXSD The Senate just passed the Strengthening America’s Security in the Middle East Act. I’m especially proud it includes my amendment reaffirming the importance of our nation’s ongoing missions in Afghanistan and Syria. It's been more than two years since the American people hired President Trump and a Republican Congress to get Washington’s foot off the brake of our economy. Since we got to work rebuilding middle class prosperity, it's been an all-American comeback. From historic tax reform and regulatory reform... to huge progress in the fight against ISIS… to landmark progress in the nationwide fight against opioid addiction... the story of the last two years has been one of immense policy progress for our nation. Tonight, the Congress will host @POTUS for his State of the Union address. I’m looking forward to attending and hearing the President reflect on the great strides our nation has made over the past two years and his vision for the challenges still before us. #SOTU The Strengthening America’s Security in the Middle East Act would renew our commitment to Israel’s security, expand cooperation with Jordan, and impose new consequences on the perpetrators of Assad’s brutality in Syria. The state of our nation’s economy is thriving and Americans are feeling the boost. Republicans’ pro-growth, pro-family economic policies have helped our nation’s job creators and small businesses hit the accelerator. https://t.co/tKCCHvI73D I’m proud to be a co-sponsor of @SenSasse’s legislation to protect the rights of all newborn babies. My full statement:
https://t.co/17gEZl4ghX The United States of America has never been about centralizing all power in Washington D.C. And Washington should not get to micromanage the processes that determine who comes to Washington. 2016 saw the most ballots ever cast in a presidential election. The 2018 midterms had the highest turnout in 50 years. And 92 percent of surveyed voters told the Pew Research Center their voting experience was “very easy” or “somewhat easy”. 
https://t.co/Ty91vW4UgE Democrats’ H.R. 1 (the Democrat Politician Protection Act) proposes a massive federal takeover of elections. But neither the facts nor the opinions of American voters show any evidence of a crisis or emergency that would make this unprecedented step necessary. My amendment to S.1 would allow Senators to go on the record about what the United States should be doing in Syria and Afghanistan. ISIS and al Qaeda have yet to be defeated and American national security interests require continued commitment to our missions there. H.R. 1 is the far left’s sprawling effort to seize more control of the political process. It’s an attempt to rewrite the rules of American politics to benefit the Democrats and their friends. https://t.co/tztygT3YPS Al-Qaeda, ISIS, and their affiliates continue to pose a serious threat. My amendment to the S. 1 foreign policy legislation would urge continued commitment from the U.S. military and our partners until we have set the conditions for their enduring defeat.
https://t.co/PEl8NtUZ4r This legislation also includes the bipartisan Caesar Syria Civilian Protection Act. It makes a crystal-clear statement to the murderous regime of Bashar Al-Assad and those who abet it: Your brutality needs to end. It deepens our partnership with Jordan as it faces an unprecedented humanitarian challenge from the chaos in Syria. This vital legislation tells our ally @Israel that our commitment to their security is ironclad. It authorizes military assistance, loan guarantees and teamwork on missile defense. Today, the Senate will vote to advance a package of important foreign policy legislation that will advance our national security priorities in the Middle East. I hope my democratic colleagues will finally join us in advancing these widely-supported bipartisan bills. On International Holocaust Rememberance day, #WeRemember the six million Jews who were murdered. Let us honor their memories by working together to ensure these horrors never happen again. I was glad to see @POTUS’s announcement that he and Democrats have reached an agreement that will immediately re-open the government, while providing the room to negotiate funding for the Department of Homeland Security. 
My full statement: https://t.co/VFGPGjQo3X The choice is clear: making law versus making points. Denying the President one-tenth of 1% of spending for border security our nation needs is not worth hurting this many people. https://t.co/LeoAeoSInr Today, the Senate will be voting on a proposal to end the government shutdown. It would resume pay for federal workers, and strike a bipartisan compromise on the issue of immigration and border security. And it provides stable, full-year funding for the federal government. I am very pleased with @POTUS’s nomination of Andrew Wheeler for EPA Administrator. He is an impressive, experienced nominee and I look forward to supporting his nomination. https://t.co/NWbYgpgbqj When the rush for headlines takes precedence over the facts, mistakes are made and our rights as Americans are put at risk. My statement on the Covington Catholic incident this past weekend: https://t.co/bNKCVlSM1B Enough political spite. Enough showboating for “the Resistance.” The President has produced a fair compromise that pairs full-year government funding with immigration policy priorities from both sides. It’s time to make a deal. The proposal outlined by @POTUS would reopen the government fully. It is the only proposal currently before us that can be signed by the President and immediately reopen the government. ICYMI, The Washington Post Editorial board had this to say about Democrats’ outright refusal to negotiate. https://t.co/nJ7XMjwEC9 Today, our nation unites to celebrate the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. We should keep striving for the mutual respect, shared brotherhood, and national unity to which Dr. King so powerfully called us. #MLKDay I commend @POTUS for his leadership in proposing this bold solution to reopen the government, secure the border, and take bipartisan steps toward addressing current immigration issues.
My full statement: https://t.co/3lfItBQzEC ‘Behold the Democrat Politician Protection Act’ - My op-ed in the Washington Post: https://t.co/kpSoHXGqmW Today D.C. is hosting one of our nation’s proudest examples of peaceful activism, the #MarchForLife. I want to thank the marchers, especially my fellow Kentuckians, for bearing witness to human dignity and demanding respect for all life. @March_for_Life @KentuckyRTL The American people deserve a functioning government and a secure border. We’re in Day 26 of a partial government shutdown because Democrats have made a marketing decision to obstruct President Trump, at all costs, even if it hurts substantive priorities they used to support. https://t.co/eN4rwNyDwW We Republicans are hardly strangers to the need for strong policies concerning Russia. We have long seen Vladimir Putin for the KGB thug he is. Just ask Senator @MittRomney, who only six years ago was mocked by the other side for advocating tough policies against the Kremlin. The Democratic Leader said the Senate shouldn’t do any business during this partial government shutdown. But apparently he didn’t actually mean it. Because now the Democratic Leader would like to dictate the terms of a debate on Russia. I made it our first priority to move legislation that would have helped defend Israel and Jordan and provide justice for Syrians who have been tortured and murdered by the Assad regime. But Democrats have repeatedly blocked that important legislation. William Barr is completely qualified and thoroughly prepared to fill the position of Attorney General. I hope every Senator will afford Mr. Barr the fair consideration he so obviously deserves. My full statement: https://t.co/Gfy25bJqQo Democrats may continue to cynically filibuster bipartisan bills to support Israel, defend Jordan and provide justice for innocent Syrians, but Republicans will not abandon the need for American leadership in the world. My Democratic colleagues have an important choice to make. They could stand with common sense, with federal workers and with their own past voting records… or they could continue to complain from the sidelines as the Speaker refuses to negotiate with the White House. https://t.co/7CKu7OlLmJ Enforcing our laws has not become unethical overnight. The physical barriers at the border that Democrats supported yesterday have not somehow become a radical right-wing position today. Border security still matters. American families still deserve safety. If she believes that enforcing our immigration laws with physical barriers is immoral, will the Speaker be introducing a bill to destroy the walls and fencing that already exist? Is Speaker Pelosi calling sitting Senate Democrats immoral? Many of them voted to invest billions in border security, including physical barriers, over the past few years alone. Speaker Pelosi called a border barrier “an immorality.” Was it immoral for Democrats to vote for the Secure Fence Act in 2006? Was it immoral for President Obama’s administration to build the same kind of steel-slat barriers that President Trump now wants to expand? I am very pleased with @POTUS’s nomination of Bill Barr to be the Attorney General of the United States. His judgement, independence and experience make him an excellent choice for this important position and I look forward to working with him. https://t.co/Op27KGbkuv Democrats now say the same fencing and barriers that were A-okay when President Obama was in the White House are now “immoral” because President Trump is the one making the request. This isn’t how you make serious policy. https://t.co/r7A3rqfMUm Fun meeting Mitch Tillis, the newest addition to the Tillis family! #mitchmeetmitch https://t.co/0g41vfh9kt My statement on President Trump’s Oval Office Address on Border Security https://t.co/89CpzckJ52 Democrat objection to securing the border is no newfound, principled objection. It’s just political spite. https://t.co/6z4lR42kfE ICYMI, Senate Democrats didn’t block Senate business during 2013 government shutdown. 
https://t.co/QBf9LNKQVC https://t.co/JQnwBIjyZW The chaos created by the Assad regime has made Syria a graveyard for innocent civilians, and a base for Iran and Russia to spread their malign influence through the region. The Senate will vote on a bipartisan basis to tackle the Syrian crisis head-on. . @SenPatRoberts is a tireless advocate for Kansans, America’s farmers, his fellow Veterans and our brave men and women in uniform. My statement:
https://t.co/Uiw8oSFFtx RT @senatemajldr: Sad to bid farewell to ‘The Gentleman of the Senate’, our artist-in-residence, lover of bacon, and a living example of th… Congratulations to Senator @ChuckGrassley, just elected the Senate’s new President Pro Tempore. I’m glad that our new colleagues and the entire Senate will continue learning from your example. Welcome @MarshaBlackburn, Mike Braun, @SenKevinCramer, Josh Hawley, @SenMcSallyAZ, @SenatorRomney, @SenJackyRosen, @SenatorSinema to the US Senate #116thCongress The Senate has reached an agreement to confirm more of the Administration’s well-qualified nominees. I’m glad these newly-confirmed nominees will be able to get to work on important business for the American people. Democrats will have to get serious about border security so that a government funding agreement can pass the House, earn 60 votes in the Senate, and receive a presidential signature. All three of these things are needed. One partisan vote in the House won't solve anything. Securing Our Nation's Borders Must Be A Priority. My full statement: https://t.co/0LRf2Ixhzl I’m glad productive discussions are continuing between our Democratic colleagues and the White House. When those negotiations produce a solution that can pass the Senate and the House and receive @POTUS’s signature, it will receive a vote on the Senate floor. Senate Proceeds with Funding, Border Security Legislation. My full statement:
https://t.co/gnywIOHl4y Let’s not end this year the way it began: Another shutdown over the issue of illegal immigration because the Democrats are unwilling to support common-sense measures. I am proud to vote for the additional border security that the House added to government funding legislation. My statement on Secretary Mattis https://t.co/0n6Hye3096 . @JohnCornyn has proven to be a stunningly effective Whip for the Republican Conference these past years. It’s been an honor to work in the trenches with John and stand shoulder to shoulder with him in the well of the Senate. https://t.co/YM0t12YYN1 For the past three years, it’s been my distinct pleasure to partner so closely with @SpeakerRyan. His bold leadership and faith in free enterprise have helped create a brighter future for millions of American workers and job creators.
https://t.co/fgNP2xKA3v Later this morning, we’ll introduce a continuing resolution that will ensure continuous funding for the federal government. The measure will provide the resources necessary to continue normal operations through February 8th. https://t.co/Vx0p4CL28N General John Kelly has served the president and the nation with great distinction. The Marine Corps is stronger for John Kelly’s years of leadership. America is better for his distinguished career of service. I extend my deep gratitude for his job well done. As the entire nation mourned the loss of Sen. John McCain, Jon Kyl volunteered his even keel and sound judgement to serve Arizona. I am grateful for this second opportunity to work alongside such a dear friend. The Senate will be lesser without @SenAlexander’s wisdom, collegiality, and expertise when he retires. I am glad that day is two years away and grateful that we’ll keep benefiting from his leadership through the 116th Congress.
https://t.co/cBWPDfhsId Sad to bid farewell to ‘The Gentleman of the Senate’, our artist-in-residence, lover of bacon, and a living example of the American dream. Thank you for everything @senorrinhatch https://t.co/1eSYi9nS3z I want to thank @JeffFlake for his service. As part of this Senate majority, he’s had a hand in many policy accomplishments that have tangibly made life better for Arizonans and the nation. When President Trump signs the #FarmBill into law, it will be a big win for farmers in Kentucky and across our country. Farming families deserve more stability, and that is precisely what they will have. It strengthens protections for victims. It ensures that it is members of Congress who will be held responsible for their own misconduct -- not taxpayers. Thank you @SenAmyKlobuchar and @RoyBlunt for working hard to get this done. The Senate and the House have reached a landmark agreement to reform the process by which Capitol Hill handles claims of sexual harassment and discrimination in the workplace. It is a bicameral and bipartisan agreement. I’m sad to bid farewell to a living example of the American dream at its most extraordinary. @senorrinhatch has been the longest-serving Republican Senator in our nation’s history. I wish him a peaceful and happy retirement. The Senate took a major step yesterday by passing the Farm Bill, which will deliver a big shot in the arm to farmers and rural communities. I’m especially proud it will open a new door for industrial #hemp farmers in #Kentucky and around the country. https://t.co/nywuOwgjzK At a time when farm income is down and growers are struggling, industrial hemp is a bright spot of agriculture’s future. My provision in the Farm Bill will not only legalize domestic hemp, but it will also allow state departments of agriculture to be responsible for its oversight https://t.co/auFROPHrwo Senate Republicans are working with the President and his Homeland Security team on $5.02 billion of targeted funding to bolster security measures at the US-Mexico border. At the request of the president and following improvements to the legislation that have been secured by several members, the Senate will take up the recently revised Criminal Justice bill this month. Making it official with my hemp pen!🖋️ Proud to have served as conferee on #FarmBill &amp; to fight for #Kentucky priorities. With today's signature, my provision to legalize industrial #hemp is 1 step closer to reality. Looking forward to voting YES on this bill &amp; sending to @POTUS https://t.co/8ypwBebXy7 . @SenBobCorker has been a brilliant Chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee. He has been a powerful voice for American interests and our allies, and a thorn in the side of those who might wish us harm. The Senate will miss his enthusiasm and expertise. I’m sad to see my good friend @SenBobCorker leave the Senate. He has long been one of the most hardworking and relentless members of this body. I spoke about Bob’s accomplishments this morning: https://t.co/GVdvD7Ro9h Coal deserves a level playing field, not runaway regulation that will do little to actually help the environment. I applaud @POTUS and @EPA to end the War on Coal and bring relief to hardworking Kentucky families. George H.W. Bush was the best of the best #Remembering41 https://t.co/sIOjMjr64K The Greatest Generation achieved all-American accomplishments and exhibited all-American virtues. No one did that more fully than our forty-first president. George Bush was the best of the best. #Remembering41 https://t.co/20d9VxoYNK Warm blessings and a #HappyHanukkah https://t.co/OW43Njosrh In coordination with Speaker of the House Paul Ryan, Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer and House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi, I am honored to announce today that the late President George H.W. Bush will lie in state in the United States Capitol Rotunda. https://t.co/W6oKZWx0gQ Elaine and I join the Senate and the nation in grieving the loss of President George H. W. Bush https://t.co/lmTWl9RTpq Congratulations, Chuck and Iris. https://t.co/7s3HPlKfhP Thanks for your hard work, @SenPatRoberts, for our farmers, rural communities and all Americans. Pleased that my provision to legalize industrial hemp is included in the Farm Bill. https://t.co/FSLY3CugIN I’m sad to see my friend @SenDeanHeller leave the Senate. But I’m proud of his service and his work on behalf of the people of Nevada. I spoke about Dean’s accomplishments this morning: https://t.co/JFDUcpqYej With needless delays- &amp; a record-breaking number of cloture votes on nominations, my Democratic colleagues have made this body drag its feet along the way. But the Senate will press on this week to put to rest more of the people’s business before the close of the 115th Congress. The Senate is focused on wrapping up this year’s remaining priorities: getting more of the president’s team in place, confirming well-qualified nominees to our federal courts, and attending to the pressing legislative business the American people expect us to handle. Some of this Congress' biggest accomplishments have been bipartisan. From landmark opioids legislation to improvements in veterans’ services to historic progress on appropriations. Our remaining work on nominations and legislation will require more of that bipartisan spirit. Even after two historic years full of accomplishments for the American people, there are still important items left for this Congress to check off our list before the end of this year. We’ll continue to make nominations a top priority, as we have this entire Congress. The nominees we’ll consider this week are highly regarded and well equipped for public service. I look forward to confirming each of them without further undue delay. As the 115th Congress comes to a close, my colleagues will have much to be proud of. But we aren’t finished yet. The Senate still has a full slate of important business that we must complete before the end of the year. Wishing everyone a happy and safe Thanksgiving. https://t.co/4tMYhEZrQO Well deserved, my friend. https://t.co/GXd1iXpqIV The latest installment in a long list of bipartisan successes passed by this Senate: https://t.co/0hUp7t8tMo Marshaling resources against the opioid crisis, reforming Dodd Frank, funding our armed forces, taking care of our veterans, and improving the nation’s infrastructure are some of the things we have done in this Congress on a bipartisan basis. Yesterday’s Coast Guard reauthorization was just the latest installment in a long list of bipartisan successes passed by this Senate, in this Congress, on behalf of the American people. It’s quite a distinguished group. https://t.co/e3MsjMPEFo The Senate just passed legislation to reauthorize @USCG funding to ensure that the brave men and women who put themselves in harm’s way every single day have access to the resources they need. It is my honor to have been asked by my colleagues to continue serving as leader. Not a day goes by when I am not humbled and honored by this opportunity to serve my colleagues, the institution of the Senate, and our incredible country in whatever measure I am capable. Honored https://t.co/fbnYAu57pD A warm welcome to the incoming class of Republican Senators. https://t.co/yNcqWvX0qp My latest Op-Ed: Will Dems work with us, or simply put partisan politics ahead of the country? https://t.co/X4IwYUedTE The Senate is back and continuing to work hard for the American people.  We will pass legislation on a bipartisan basis that will reauthorize funding for @USCG to help continue its important work. Great news for #Kentucky – 13,000 jobs depends on the state’s inland waterways. Americans everywhere stand with the people of California. https://t.co/wQZCBnFc1D Today, Americans everywhere pause to reflect on the freedoms we enjoy, and the brave veterans whose service and sacrifice make them possible. https://t.co/KcAcA8ZUgS On the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month, the guns fell silent. Today marks 100 years since the end of the First World War. https://t.co/S915pdXsZD https://t.co/HszdjwCEnJ More good news: Wages and salaries jump by 3.1%, the biggest increase in 10 years.
https://t.co/BdIB91fQk0 My statement on today’s shooting in Pittsburgh: https://t.co/6WsRCpzFQc ‘Historic And Bipartisan’ Opioids Law Will ‘Save Lives’
https://t.co/881bhgGbZB President Donald Trump signed a landmark bill Wednesday intended to deal with the nation's opioid epidemic, a bipartisan breakthrough for a crisis claiming tens of thousands of U.S. lives every year.
https://t.co/ulq0oPOawg As long as Kentucky families endure the harsh realities of addiction, I will continue to make fighting the opoid epidemic a top concern in the Senate. We’ve made significant progress, especially with this landmark legislation, but there’s still more to do.
https://t.co/GJOY7Wj7ti It provides states the tools they need to improve access to treatment and encourages educational programs in schools to help prevent addiction. It invests in the development of non-addictive painkillers and in research of mental-health factors that may contribute to addiction. Good news: @POTUS just signed the “SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act,” a landmark #opioids bill that includes new programs to keep families safe. The bill takes steps to stop illegal drugs and synthetic opioids from crossing the border. I stand with all Americans in condemning today’s attempted acts of domestic terrorism. Americans are united in gratitude for @SecretService, @USPS, and other law enforcement — who protect our leaders and public figures from such unconscionable acts.
https://t.co/J2T0BHW069 Today, @POTUS signed America’s Water Infrastructure Act into law. I was proud to ensure that it includes key provisions for Kentucky’s waterways and the communities they support. More: https://t.co/7FrricNjMO Great news for American families: Our economy is humming. https://t.co/xIckuekRDS I’m proud of our vote to confirm Justice Brett Kavanaugh - My Op-Ed in the Washington Post

https://t.co/pS5qWZiQo6 My statement on the release of Pastor Andrew Brunson
https://t.co/ZYturjKHfe https://t.co/9sLl7J1VZs Thanks to the hard work of @chuckgrassley and the @senjudiciary Committee, we’ve been able to confirm 84 of @POTUS’ judges during this Congress to lifetime appointments on the federal bench—including two Supreme Court Justices and a record number of circuit court judges.  #SCOTUS Have a great weekend everyone! https://t.co/tTtLGN8ove Nearly one out of every six circuit court of appeals judges has been appointed by @POTUS and confirmed by this Republican Senate The Senate has confirmed President Trump’s judicial nominees at a historic pace – 84 total, including Brett Kavanaugh and Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court, 29 circuit judges, and 53 district court judges. Justice Kavanaugh is among the very best our nation has to offer. #confirmed #tbt https://t.co/5BRaCpTTXF The Senate’s list of accomplishments keeps growing. Water #infrastructure, FAA reauthorization, and a landmark #opioids bill are the latest additions to the accomplishments of the 115th Congress. Americans on both sides of the debate last week spoke up in a civil, respectful way, and our nation was better for it. But only one side was happy to play host to toxic- fringe behavior. And only one side’s leaders are calling for more of it. https://t.co/PcZcO6H3Ya As #HurricaneMichael continues inland, those left in its wake can count on the Senate’s support for response and recovery efforts- and trust in our continued prayers. https://t.co/DgzbsW6UsN Our economic boom is not “Armageddon,” or “crumbs,” or “disaster,” as some have suggested. It is rising wages, more job opportunities, and new investment. The real winners here are the American people. Republicans are just proud our policies are helping them do what they do best. Unemployment in America has now fallen to 3.7 percent. That’s our lowest unemployment rate since 1969. Let's be clear: Government itself is not creating this prosperity. Republicans know that growth starts with workers and entrepreneurs. America’s Water Infrastructure Act is a major step toward meeting the challenge of improving our nation’s infrastructure. From dams, levees, and flood control to safer drinking water and sewage systems, this legislation meets all sorts of pressing needs. Ambassador @nikkihaley has proved to be a skillful advocate for our national interest and a forceful spokeswoman for our principles. I hope this is not the end of her distinguished career in public service. https://t.co/hxDiMOUjQC Saturday’s vote to confirm Justice Brett Kavanaugh was also a victory for the Senate, and for the integrity of our institution. Justice Kavanaugh will be a thoughtful, fair-minded justice who’s committed to applying our laws and Constitution as they are actually written. This week we’ll be voting on America’s Water Infrastructure Act, another major victory for American infrastructure under this Congress. Thank you @SenJohnBarrasso and @SenatorCarper for getting this important, bipartisan legislation across the finish line. I’m proud of the Senate for confirming Brett Michael Kavanaugh to be an associate justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. https://t.co/quz2pLhvpU Judge Kavanaugh is among the very best our nation has to offer. He will make the Senate and the country proud. He will serve with distinction on our highest court. He unquestionably deserves confirmation. And the country deserves such a Supreme Court Justice. #ConfirmKavanaugh https://t.co/c9gxVGcsrp It was a pleasure to talk about the nomination of the outstanding jurist, Judge Kavanaugh, tonight with @IngrahamAngle. #ConfirmKavanaugh https://t.co/cUIxzVJGK5 I’ll be on the @IngrahamAngle program talking about Judge Kavanaugh tonight at 10 PM ET. #ConfirmKavanaugh Today, we can send a message to the American people that some core principles remain unfettered by the partisan passions of this moment. Facts matter. Fairness matters. We will either give notice that totally uncorroborated allegations are now, officially, enough to destroy an American’s life - or we will declare that our society cannot, must not, set the bar so low. We will either state that facts and evidence can be brushed aside when politically inconvenient, and signal that media bullying and mob intimidation are valid tactics - or we will stand up and say that serious, thoughtful, fact-based deliberation must still define this body. When we vote later this morning, we will not only be deciding whether to elevate a stunningly-qualified judge to our highest court. Not anymore. Not after all this. The United States Senate will also be making a statement. The Senate will be in session at 9:30 tomorrow morning. Under the regular order, the vote to advance the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to serve on the U.S. Supreme Court will be at 10:30. I was proud to file cloture on Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination yesterday evening. And I will be proud to vote to advance his nomination tomorrow. We owe it to the American people not to be intimidated by these tactics. We owe it to the American people to underscore that you’re innocent until proven guilty. https://t.co/uGzKkP14jP When the noise fades, what’s left is a distinguished nominee with a unanimously well qualified rating from the American Bar Association (the Democrats’ gold standard). A man whom peers and colleagues praise in the strongest terms. That’s Judge Kavanaugh. The FBI has completed yet another background investigation on Judge Kavanaugh and delivered its results to the Senate. The fact is that these allegations have not been corroborated. Not in the new FBI investigation, not anywhere. I just filed cloture on Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination to the Supreme Court. There will be plenty of time for Members to review and be briefed on this supplemental material before a Friday cloture vote. The Senate voted today to pass landmark legislation to combat the #opioidcrisis, including my #CAREERAct, which helps recovering individuals find their footing and stay sober. The bill now goes to @POTUS’ desk for his signature. https://t.co/EBHl4maGHD There is no chance in the world that the far-left will scare us out of doing our duty. https://t.co/kXGbtGD15f This has been the most outrageous search and destroy mission to try and take down a fine man’s reputation. https://t.co/hSx4lrR0b5 Does anyone really think that the same people who called Judge Kavanaugh “evil” long before they heard one word of testimony will be satisfied? It’s time to put this embarrassing spectacle behind us, and vote on this impressive, stunningly qualified Supreme Court nominee. This body and this nation have spent months watching my friends across the aisle grasp at every imaginable excuse to delay this process and damage this nominee. If they had their way, the goalposts on Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination would be in another time zone by now. Democrats Repeatedly Said They Were Comfortable With An FBI Investigation That Would Not Take Long. 
https://t.co/xjnEBB5LWb After the FBI shares what they’ve found, Senators will have the opportunity to vote. We’ll have the opportunity to vote “no” on the politics of personal destruction. We’ll have the opportunity to vote “yes” on this fine nominee. Democrats’ mishandling of Dr. Ford’s letter opened the floodgates for a deluge of uncorroborated, unbelievable mud from others. And the mudslide was cheered on, and capitalized on by the far left that has been so eager to stop this nomination. Just politics? I don't think so. Democrats may be trying to move the goalposts every five minutes, but their goal has not moved an inch. They will not be satisfied unless they bring down Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination. The Democratic Leader and the ranking Democrat on the Committee both said recently that an FBI investigation can be completed in less than a week.
Let me make a small prediction -- soon enough the goalposts will be on the move once again. It’s almost as if Dr. Ford didn’t want a Washington D.C.-based media circus -- but others with whom she was in contact, and on whom she was relying, did. https://t.co/MNbhVg2kZp The time for endless delay and obstruction has come to a close. Judge Kavanaugh's nomination is out of committee. We're considering it here on the floor. And we'll be voting this week. The confirmation process for Judge Brett Kavanaugh, one of the most qualified and most impressive Supreme Court nominees in our nation’s history, is moving forward. Brett Kavanaugh is one of the most qualified and most impressive Supreme Court nominees in memory. This is a nomination that deserves to move forward -- and that is precisely what is happening. Earlier today, our colleagues on @senjudiciary concluded their thorough, months-long consideration of Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination and voted to advance it to the Senate floor with a favorable recommendation. Today, with the unanimous support of my conference, the Senate will proceed to the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to serve as an Associate Justice on the Supreme Court of the United States. My statement on Judge Brett Kavanaugh
https://t.co/w2eXz8GNr1 What lesson can we learn from all this? Write to the Senate Democrats in confidentiality and you’ll wind up a household name. https://t.co/Lh2Jnn4mEZ Democratic colleagues did not treat Dr. Ford or her allegation with the seriousness and discretion she deserved. At the 11th hour, when its introduction was certain to introduce further delay, they got it to the press. So much for Dr. Ford’s request for confidentiality, I guess. My Democrat friends might want to consider this from then-Judiciary Committee Chairman JOE BIDEN (D-DE) In 1991: The ‘FBI Explicitly Does Not, In This Or Any Other Case Reach A Conclusion, Period’ https://t.co/NvAI3RqevL Democrats sat on Dr. Ford’s letter for weeks. They kept it secret. They did nothing. And then they threw Dr. Ford’s wishes for confidentiality overboard and leaked it to the press. Does this sound like people who want to get to the truth?
https://t.co/zCZ8af2irg Senate Democrats ignored Dr. Ford’s request for discretion and confidentiality and cheered on a public smear campaign based on uncorroborated allegations. I’m grateful to @ChuckGrassley for handling this with seriousness and responsibility and scheduling Thursday’s hearing. One side is handling these sensitive matters with dignity, with professionalism… by the book. And we have another side that chose to sit on allegations and keep them secret until they were leaked to the press. This is America. Evidence matters. Facts matter. We have never been - and do not wish to be - a society in which a single, uncorroborated allegation can wield veto power over somebody’s life. Everyone deserves better than this. https://t.co/lPazbl1crl The American people know sexual misconduct is serious. They expect this matter to be treated seriously. That’s what @ChuckGrassley has done and is doing. He has acted transparently in the pursuit of truth, and he has treated this matter with kindness and respect. @senjudiciary Let’s put aside the last-minute smears. Let’s return to the facts. Let’s have a fair hearing on Thursday. It remains beyond reasonable dispute that Judge Kavanaugh’s legal brilliance and excellence on the bench make him one of the very most qualified Supreme Court nominees in memory. Hundreds of men and women who have known Brett Kavanaugh across his life have written or spoken out that he is a man of strong character and tremendous integrity. Numerous witnesses testified that Brett Kavanaugh is a trusted mentor, and a lifelong champion of women. Here are the facts before us: This is an allegation of misconduct which all four supposed witnesses either flatly contradict or are unable to back up. It’s not just one alleged witness disagreeing with the allegations -- it’s literally every person who was supposedly there. Democrats and their allies are trying to destroy a man’s personal and professional life on the basis of unsubstantiated and uncorroborated allegations. This is a smear campaign, pure and simple…aided and abetted by members of the United States Senate. To some, the ends justify the means. Yet again, Senate Democrats actively withheld information from the rest of the Judiciary committee. 
https://t.co/dtrcsAWEcT Democrats have perpetuated false, unfair and unfounded attacks on Judge Kavanaugh.
https://t.co/s28UswIklI https://t.co/8jjFwugLNY G’Mar Tov. And may you have an easy fast to all observing Yom Kippur. The Senate just passed a crucial appropriations bill for the upcoming fiscal year. It fully funds vital priorities for defense, education and healthcare. Next week Dr. Ford and Judge Kavanaugh will testify to the Senate Judiciary Committee under oath. But we should not have gotten to this point. That this process has played out with so little order and so little sensitivity lies solely at the feet of Senate Democrats. To every American affected by the opioid epidemic, more help is on the way. https://t.co/lACuv2BOHa Happy 71st birthday to @usairforce https://t.co/Xt0WXdZYAa 