Habiba embodies the best of our country—courage, hard work and relentless optimism for the future. I’m proud to have her on my team, and grateful for her dedication to helping New Yorkers and all Americans. https://t.co/KLmlwJvwSs Columbia is awesome! Soda City Market with the wonderful Dr. Jennifer Clyburn Reed, stories with some incredible women, and lunch with @harrisonjaime. I'm loving meeting voters and building this campaign, and I can’t wait to keep going. https://t.co/vwW839DQlk On #LovettorLeaveIt, @jonlovett and I played “Queen for a Day.” We had plenty of fun, and got into some serious issues, too—like Medicare for All and airport slow-walkers. Can’t wait to go back! Listen to the new episode: 
https://t.co/Bk3xDw2VEa RT @jonlovett: Lovett or Leave It DC show is out! @SenGillibrand on the campaign, health care, Virginia, and our 2020 candidate quiz. And a… Excited to spend the weekend with you, South Carolina. Come say hi in Columbia this morning! https://t.co/ortnDNuoqG RT @TravRobertson: Chairman Don Fowler introducing Senator Gillibrand.#firstinthesouth https://t.co/iDITyGlC97 My statement below on Virginia Lt. Governor Justin Fairfax: https://t.co/chu4oSdnbh Completely agree. Nearly every American will take time off to care for themselves or for family, but the majority of our workforce doesn’t have access to paid leave. It’s a policy that benefits all of us. Parents, spouses, seniors, kids—everyone. We need to pass the #FamilyACT. https://t.co/zKcJ2W95qT From day one, @realDonaldTrump has staffed his administration based on one question: Who will help him skirt justice and accountability?

It's clear to me that Barr will hide the Mueller investigation from the public and bury the extent of Trump’s corruption. Non-starter. https://t.co/OzEmeDwRcs We cannot for a minute lose sight of the fact that women’s right to control our own bodies is under attack. As long as people in power continue to infringe on that right, the rest of us have to fight twice as hard to protect it. The solution is to change who’s in power. https://t.co/eYgj6RQJFn I’m so sorry to hear of @JohnDingell’s passing. He was a legislative giant, and endlessly funny and wise. He always knew what we were here for: to help people. And he’d tell you if you got off that track. We’ll miss him, and I’m sending my love and prayers to @RepDebDingell. Trump’s ban on transgender service members is discriminatory, insults heroes serving in our military and makes us less safe. Opposition to it is bipartisan—backed by legislation to overturn it. We’re introducing a bill now because we won’t let him treat service members this way. I said this last night to @jonlovett, and here’s why: Institutions—colleges, the military, the NFL—don’t believe survivors, and shame or retaliate against survivors, to protect their own. We have to support survivors and take allegations seriously or there will never be justice. I support Dr. Tyson. She showed enormous courage in coming forward, and her very credible claims require investigation. In this country, institutional bias stacks against survivors, for the powerful. We have to support survivors first so their claims can be fully investigated. A #GreenNewDeal is ambitious. It's bold. And I’m cosponsoring this resolution with @aoc and @senmarkey because it’s exactly the kind of action it will take to conquer the biggest threat of our lifetime. https://t.co/CfQFgBnlat Women’s access to full reproductive care is a human right. To deny access to safe, legal abortions is to deny a woman’s right to control her own life, body and health.

Republicans are trying to criminalize women's medical decisions and intimidate doctors. We must not give in. We should be regulating the payday loan industry, not making it easier for lenders to prey on people with nowhere else to turn.

My Postal Banking Act would end payday lending overnight by providing a public option for everyone. https://t.co/TNNLXnA0UG A black woman in New York City is 12 times more likely to die in childbirth than a white woman. This isn’t an accident—it's a failure of policy and justice, and one we can’t accept. We have a moral responsibility to right it. Likewise!

Despite his cheap words in the State of the Union, the president has yet to lift a finger to pass a real paid family leave bill that’s sustainable and inclusive of every American worker. 

Proud that we’re, once again, pushing to pass our #FAMILYAct this Congress. https://t.co/NfH7kMMGv9 Excited to spend the evening with @jonlovett, @AlyssaMastro44, @AkilahObviously and @alexwagner recording #LovettorLeaveIt! https://t.co/yQosiW1EkC The American people deserve better than this president—who’s profited off the office and continues to keep secrets and shirk accountability. They deserve a president that they KNOW is looking out for their best interests. That’s why I’m running: to be that president. I refuse to let progress on the issues we care about most, from better schools for our kids to health care as a right, get sidelined any longer. https://t.co/xCC3x7IYpU RT @CecileRichards: Tonight is yet another reminder that the most powerful leadership in America is not coming from the White House - it’s… "From making it harder to register and stay on the rolls, to moving and closing polling places, to rejecting lawful ballots—we can no longer ignore these threats to democracy.”

@staceyabrams spoke truth to power tonight. Our democracy only works when all Americans are heard. President Trump seems not to understand that the female jobs he created were Democratic women in Congress. When we come together around courage and compassion, we realize what’s best about America. That’s never been @realDonaldTrump’s message, but it’s the truth of who we are at our best. Let’s not lose sight of that. #SOTU There's nothing left to debate. Climate change is an immediate and catastrophic threat to our future. 

It's time for bold action, now. We need a #GreenNewDeal. https://t.co/YpVK11VGEK Happy Lunar New Year to everyone celebrating! Wishing you nothing but joy and prosperity in the #YearofthePig. Between @staceyabrams and @AGBecerra, Democrats will be represented tonight by two of our best leaders with an exciting, dynamic pair of #SOTU responses. This is our party: diverse, full of heart, and forward-looking. Our economy is made to favor the greed and corruption of special interests, while the working class is left to struggle just to provide for their families. We call ourselves the land of opportunity? No—not until every American can succeed. I'm so glad to hear that Bennett College surpassed a huge fundraising goal to help keep their accreditation. That's great news—but remember: They should never have had to fundraise for their own existence in the first place. We must keep fighting for and supporting our HBCUs. https://t.co/SaH5X608YS When you're fighting to right a wrong, you do whatever it takes—no matter the odds, no matter who stands in your way, no matter what. That's why we pushed to pass a health care bill for 9/11 first responders and will never stop fighting for them. https://t.co/JFnWHctxxj Patriots like Lt. Commander Blake Dremann—the first openly transgender servicemember to be promoted in our military's history, and the president of @sparta_pride—make our armed forces and our country stronger. I’m honored he’ll be joining me at the State of the Union. https://t.co/hzjIiMll5U Not “within the realm of the possible” isn't an acceptable response. Cruelty and incompetence have separated families and ruined lives. When it comes to reuniting these kids with their families and guardians, we won’t take no for an answer. https://t.co/w5hARIRM4H Thanks for having us yesterday, jajaBelle’s! Enjoyed some great conversation, especially connecting with other moms—and the coffee, too! https://t.co/loqG5PNRkp This movement is compassionate, courageous, and determined. Now is our time. 365 days to the Iowa Caucuses—let’s get after it. https://t.co/FBSx1Rm0Ya My team and I saw a sledding hill and made a pit stop on the way to Durham, NH yesterday. Highly recommend! https://t.co/cpm77YW72w A year from today, the Iowa caucuses will officially kick off the 2020 primary. Every day between now and then, we're going to build a campaign that restores power to people and compassion to government. If you're all in, add your name: https://t.co/0M2JVHJGDk This is inhumane and a violation of the detainees’ constitutional rights. The Bureau of Prisons needs to fix this immediately. 

https://t.co/gTZMytiIQe Kicked off the weekend with a fun night of conversation with the @NHYoungDems. This morning, I got a great workout in with the amazing Coach Kirsten (a funny coincidence!) Excited to spend the rest of the day traveling around New Hampshire and meeting more of you. https://t.co/su01slhpuV There aren’t two sets of rules for our friends and our foes: Right is right and wrong is wrong. Americans deserve to be respected by their leaders, and racism cannot be excused in our government or anywhere else. Having seen the photo, I believe Governor Northam should resign. I believe we can make an America with good public schools for every child, universal pre-K and childcare, and affordable college. No one is going to hand us that America—but our campaign is working to build that reality. Join us: https://t.co/I1vp93u0wh RT @CourtMarabella: Yes, @CoryBooker and @SenGillibrand are both now 2020 presidential candidates.

But more importantly, they both made ca… If we don’t act boldly now, we're condemning future generations to suffering from the worst effects of climate change. We need to commit to a #GreenNewDeal to save our planet and transform our economy. It won’t be easy, but we have to get this done. Couldn’t say it better than Ellen did. https://t.co/UFjShbxf03 RT @UNHDems: WE HAVE AN ANNOUNCEMENT.... Senator Kirsten Gillibrand will be joining us at UNH THIS Saturday at 3 pm!!! Want free food and t… As we honor and take inspiration from #BlackHistoryMonth, we also need to remember that institutional racism is not in our past. So as we look back, let's look forward, too. The burden of fighting for justice can't be left to people of color alone—it's all of ours to carry. Congratulations and welcome to the race to one of my closest friends, @corybooker! I'll be cheering you on—just, you know, not TOO hard. https://t.co/zeWskppQpv No corporate PAC money. No federal lobbyists. No individual Super PAC. We’re building this campaign together, person by person.

That means I’m hoping you’ll join our team now and help us hit our first end of month fundraising goal. If you can, chip in:
https://t.co/OW3DKZLJgH https://t.co/yQsneCqA9a Women are 51% of this country, 24% of Congress, and 100% done being told to wait for the representation and equality we deserve. When the Pentagon fails to protect survivors in our military, it fails all of the women and men who serve our country. This diminishes our military readiness and our security. 

Let's stop talking about more time, and take action now. I’ve pushed for action on this since 2013, and proposed reforms to get prosecution outside the chain of command so survivors don’t have to fear retaliation. Allegations of sexual assault should be taken seriously and handled by trained, unbiased prosecutors. No exceptions. Fifty percent. @DeptofDefense says they're "disappointed." Disappointed? And they’re asking for more time? Time’s up.

Our service members deserve our full commitment to ensuring their safety. When will the Pentagon commit to a military justice system worthy of them? https://t.co/kt2Oukny5h I've proudly led on national security in Congress. But vilifying immigrants, tearing apart families, and locking out asylum seekers are not about security. 

This is a time to decide who America is. Do we lead with courage and compassion, or fear and hate? I choose the first one. We can't let special interest money silence your voices. Since I was first elected, I’ve taken on the broken system to increase transparency and accountability in Congress, so you know I’m fighting for you – always have and always will. https://t.co/L3fkkQwHRW RT @davidhogg111: If you're afraid of a background check you shouldn't own a gun. https://t.co/P2Djt5X6vS These are the people @realDonaldTrump is telling us to fear. To keep out. To wall off. 

This government has lost its humanity. We have to fight to get it back. https://t.co/vVGlMWF7w9 Unconscionable. Opioid makers and pharmaceutical companies have created a public health crisis and ruined countless lives for sheer corporate greed. They should be held accountable for the pain they've caused. https://t.co/sOhF3piTzD Under Wheeler's watch, the EPA continues an aggressive deregulatory agenda that fails to protect our air and water from pollution and toxic chemicals. And it doesn't do enough to combat the urgent threat of climate change. 

We deserve better. I'll vote against his confirmation. https://t.co/opatQ7Mdqx Voting isn’t a “power grab”. It’s democracy, and it’s literally the entire point of our representative government.

And by the way: Not only should Election Day be a federal holiday, we need automatic voter registration and universal mail voting, too. https://t.co/jrJNM7Djgo Women are the primary breadwinners in 40% of US households. Equal pay for equal work is not a “women's issue”—it’s an issue of economic justice that would lift millions out of poverty and create a sustainable, growing economy. Let’s finally pass the #PaycheckFairness Act. The only people I answer to are you. We’re going to get unaccountable money out of our democracy, starting on our own campaign: no corporate PACs, no federal lobbyists, no individual super PAC. That’s how we’ll take on the special interests and enact real progressive change. https://t.co/tHdrrwDJfg HBCUs are crucial in an education system that has historically and continuously left too many black students behind. They shouldn't have to fundraise for their own existence—they should have a @usedgov that fights for them instead of special interests. https://t.co/j20L90PIff The Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was supposed to be the first step to close the wage gap—but it’s been 10 years since Congress passed any legislation to right this wrong. It’s past time to fix this. Women shouldn’t have to wait 10 more years for #equalpay. #Ledbetter10 https://t.co/rUu80ak6In When women lead, we solve problems. Women will change this country. Never have I believed that more than now. https://t.co/kuF9BX17Y1 https://t.co/0l9sZyAZSx .@StaceyAbrams is one of our strongest Democratic voices, in a critical moment for our democracy. She’s an excellent choice to remind the country what the best of our American values really are. https://t.co/66ZRXKD9K2 35 days and billions of dollars later, Trump’s shutdown accomplished exactly what we knew it would: absolutely nothing. But impacted federal workers and contractors still haven't received back pay. They did their jobs—it’s time for the president to do his. This is a sickening and outrageous attack, and horribly, it's the latest of too many hate crimes against LGBTQ people and people of color. We are all responsible for condemning this behavior and every person who enables or normalizes it. Praying for Jussie and his family. https://t.co/eylvxhLT0u Instead of doing her job of looking out for students, @BetsyDeVosED has chosen predatory lenders, for-profit schools and perpetrators of sexual assault every time. If she won't protect survivors, we have to. https://t.co/mL6eem8W8H If you believe that: 
Clean air &amp; water are fundamental rights;
We need bold action to combat climate change;
And that we share a moral obligation to protect our planet for future generations;
I need you to join me to fight for the #GreenNewDeal today. https://t.co/9tz5rLVMYV Our campaign is driven by you, without contributions from corporate PACs, federal lobbyists or a Super PAC. We can take on the special interests that have corrupted our system and restore power to the people, but only together. Join this movement: https://t.co/ZBOLSz7WMr I’m running because I feel called to fight for your family as hard as I fight for my own. I’ll do it no matter how long the odds, because we have to stand up for what’s right—even when it’s hard. Especially when it’s hard. https://t.co/McQywY4oNF We’re building a movement rooted in compassion, courage and determination. One powered entirely by the people we’re fighting for, not special interests. And it starts with you. Help us grow our campaign by donating today: https://t.co/ZBOLSzpyb1 When I first ran for office, they told me we couldn’t win. "More cows than Democrats," they said. We proved them wrong, because with fresh ideas and real conviction, we can win—any race, anywhere.

Join us: https://t.co/I1vp93u0wh Change who’s at the decision-making table, change everything. https://t.co/BPcF6UIP6e Change comes when people come together to demand it. We can take on the powerful special interests. We can restore our values and lift one another up. But we have to fight for it together. Now is our time. I hope you’ll join me: https://t.co/bEYdmyBc1q Federal contract workers have suffered more than enough for Trump's self-created government shutdown. They deserve more than our gratitude — they deserve full back pay. https://t.co/1ClL1tcQ2y We want to be a nation led by compassion and courage; by strength of character, not weakness of ego. We want to show the world what we can build with determination and optimism, rather than hatred and fear. https://t.co/7nxMRnErOy It’s been two years since the #MuslimBan first took effect—two years of hurtful policy driven by fear and hate. But the compassion that sent thousands into the streets to protest and fight back for our values burns stronger than ever. 2020 is coming. So is a better America. The importance of Holocaust Remembrance Day has only grown with the rising scourge of anti-Semitism and white nationalism around the world and in our own country. Today we remember the millions of Jews and other victims killed by hate, and vow to never let it happen again. I’ve voted against @realDonaldTrump more than anyone else. The reason is simple: When someone is clearly more interested in looking out for special interests than the American people, I vote no—and when their proposals would hurt people, I vote no. That’s it. There's no time to waste—it's time for Congress to prioritize action on climate change. We need a #GreenNewDeal for our kids, our planet and our futures. https://t.co/ru7iLTmi5q We're building a campaign that's about lifting each other up, taking power back for the people, and proving we're stronger than the forces of division and corruption eroding our democracy. Now is our time — join us: https://t.co/I1vp93u0wh https://t.co/qkrAdY455Y I'm not taking a cent from corporate PACs or federal lobbyists, because if you won't stand up to powerful special interests in your campaign, why should Americans believe you'll do so in office? Help us build a campaign that's powered by people: https://t.co/bXTtDliMXc We have to take on insurance companies to get Medicare for All. We have to take on polluters to get a #GreenNewDeal. We have to take on the NRA to stop mass shootings. We have to take on special interests to make change—and that starts with rejecting their money in our politics. 35 days, countless lives thrown into turmoil, for nothing. What a disgrace. https://t.co/dWJwOqnCoo Yet another tragic mass shooting happened this week. Yet another instance of deadly, targeted violence against women. How has this not gotten more attention? This is not normal. We can't accept this violence or the chokehold the NRA has on our country. We have to do better. https://t.co/UAkyQlHQy2 At the end of the day, a healthy democracy depends on one thing: leaders actually listening to people. We've got a president who doesn't listen to anyone and doesn’t want to. I’m running to restore empathy and compassion to our leadership, and that starts with listening to you. https://t.co/RAhmEXl8tc I’ll come clean: I recruited @AOC to the congressional women's softball team. https://t.co/7CeIyCI2p8 Special Counsel Mueller's investigation is critical to our democracy, and he must be allowed to complete his work unimpeded. In the meantime, let's keep our focus on restoring power to people, tackling corruption, and bringing integrity back to the White House in 2020. This needless shutdown was never about national security. It was about playing politics with Americans’ lives for a cruel and empty campaign promise. Let’s open the government and keep it open. Today is the first day of Trump’s pointlessly cruel new policy of sending people seeking asylum in the US back over the border to Mexico while their cases are pending. They could have to wait for a year. This is not what America is supposed to be. https://t.co/m8822VdlgD Trump and McConnell’s shutdown is putting thousands of people’s safety and livelihoods at risk. This is not a political game, gentlemen. Open the government. https://t.co/gxY9P0SfpH I want to remind my Republican colleagues: We are elected to represent the American people, not the president.

Our clean bill to fund the government—without funding a $5.7B, ridiculous wall—fell just short today. Let's put working families first and open the government. Trump’s EPA is led by a former coal lobbyist. Now fines on polluters are down to record lows. They’re selling off our water, air and health—right out in the open.

This is what a corrupt government looks like. We're going to take power back for people. 
https://t.co/o89Osokp8X Climate change is an immediate and catastrophic threat to our future. And yes, it's real.

We need to:
✅Get to net-zero carbon emissions
✅Invest in clean energy and green jobs
✅Update infrastructure and build community resiliency

We need a #GreenNewDeal, and we need it now. https://t.co/viCTQMix9b This administration—stocked with out-of-touch, powerful elites—fundamentally does not understand the struggles working families face. They can't be trusted to help the people of this country if they don’t get it and don’t care. Americans deserve better. https://t.co/Ok6SbCPATR Any parent knows that you don't reward a tantrum. And you definitely don't reward one that lasts 33 days and holds an entire country hostage.

Stop this insanity. It’s time to open the government. We're doing it for them. https://t.co/0gcIe1xPoJ You can't talk seriously about strengthening our economy if you aren't putting the needs of families front and center: universal pre-K, affordable child care, equal pay for equal work, and national paid family and medical leave. This is no time to remain silent. It’s a time to raise our voices and fight for our beliefs and values with everything we have. I’ve never backed down from a fight and I know that you won’t either. Let’s do this: https://t.co/bEYdmyBc1q My values are not for sale – which is why we're building this campaign without any contributions from corporate PACs, federal lobbyists or a Super PAC. But we do need you. Chip in and let's build this together: https://t.co/KD97rRwmkb Remember: Abortion existed before #RoevWade, it just wasn't legal or safe. Women died without that access to the health care they needed. We're not going back to that.

This isn't just a fight for equality — it's a fight for our lives. And it's one I refuse to lose. RT @cmclymer: All uniformed military leadership confirmed under oath before the Senate Armed Services Committee that trans troops have serv… Always fun to talk with @jonfavs and @crookedmedia about how we can work together to fix...just about everything. Check out our conversation, out now! https://t.co/funoM6XFoO https://t.co/MKznrstJO0 Today marks 46 years to the day since Roe v. Wade established women’s constitutional right to make private decisions about our bodies, and legalized abortion nationwide. 46 years—don’t you think it’s about time politicians stopped trying to control women’s bodies? @RepAOC Happy to help - New Yorkers stick together! 🗽 Trump's hateful ban on transgender troops in our military is an affront to their service, and has nothing to do with unit cohesion or readiness.

Take it from our military leaders themselves. I’ve asked them.

“Just not an issue.”

“No.”

“Precisely zero.” https://t.co/ai6xG708Re The fight against institutional racism in America cannot be left only to people who experience it. White people like me need to join men and women of color on the battlefield for social justice. https://t.co/eaKijXe3X0 Universal pre-K has lifelong benefits for our kids—leveling the playing field of opportunity for all children, no matter what block they grow up on. It's a top priority of mine, as it should be for anyone who cares about education and economic equality. https://t.co/KkY7HEGRhq In the nine years since the Citizens United ruling, unaccountable money has eroded our democracy. As long as candidates continue to accept corporate PAC and federal lobbyist donations, we can't fix what's broken.

One person, one vote. It's time to overturn Citizens United. A pretty amazing thought today: Four women are already running for president in 2020, which will mark exactly 100 years since women gained the right to vote. So proud of how far we’ve come, and excited to see what we’ll do next. I can't think a better place to talk about a vision for our country than with one of the greatest advocates and leaders for social justice in the country today. Thank you for your generosity and friendship, @TheRevAl. https://t.co/ni4pOiDipR Dr. King's life should push all of us to not shy away from the gravest injustices and the toughest fights. This is a moment for all of us to ask ourselves what we are called to do. "Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that." The fact that black men and women do not earn a dollar on the dollar in the workplace as a white man has to be my fight too. Because if I really care about every child as much as I do my own, then these are my fights to help overcome too. The fact that a black woman in New York City is 12 times more likely to die in childbirth is outrageous, and it's all of our responsibility to fix that. The fact that a young black or brown man is 10 times more likely to be arrested for marijuana possession is all of our burden. Fighting racism and injustice will take all of us — it cannot be left to people of color alone. White people like me need to take up our part of this burden, and commit to using our voices to amplify those that have been ignored and silenced for too long. Today, so many decades after Dr. King's assassination, we need more than ever to have an honest conversation about racism: not just individual acts, but the systemic, institutional racism infecting our society — our healthcare, education, criminal justice system, and economy. As we honor Dr. King today, we should all think, What am I doing with MY own time here on this earth to serve others? Because he taught us that serving others is the greatest purpose in life. And as he said, “The time is always right to do what is right.” Dr. King continues to inspire us because he believed in values that transcend time and movements: He believed in right vs. wrong; that only light can drive out darkness; that we're all called to fight for others, because an injustice against one is an injustice against all. Later today I’ll be speaking on Dr. King’s teachings at @NationalAction in Harlem — but first, dinosaurs with Henry! (In his new favorite @RAYGUNshirts hoodie, of course.) https://t.co/7wixIrF3tx As we celebrate Dr. King's life and vision today, I believe his message is as alive now as it ever was. https://t.co/bzSzG7zyCg The best way to end an incredible weekend on the campaign trail: A great crowd, lots of stories, and @peacetreebrew beer. Be back soon, Iowa! https://t.co/6KGPT1v0Wj I believe we’re called to fight for one another. And we stand on the shoulders of those who’ve come before us. We won’t back down from these fights because we must stand on the right side of history. Two years since @realDonaldTrump took office, and through it all, we’ve linked arms to protect health care for 24 million people, defend reproductive rights, stand up for immigrants and federal workers and demand transparency and accountability. @sniffinee @SCActionNetwork Really appreciated your thoughtful question! We need affordable, universal daycare, so that all kids, no matter where they grow up, no matter their socioeconomic background, can have access to the same opportunities. I'll keep fighting and speaking out until we get there. Today’s march may be over, but our movement is only growing stronger. Keep working together to raise your voices and fight for our beliefs, because the only time our democracy ever works is when we all stand up together and demand it. https://t.co/Mpx9h5I4Cz Trump ordered the end of DACA and TPS. Then he shut down the government. Now he’s holding federal workers hostage, saying he'll temporarily give back what he took away—only if we give him a pointless, ineffective wall he falsely promised Mexico would pay for. This is a bad deal. Baking delicious cookies with Kitchen Collage in Des Moines. My two cookie fans, Henry and Theo, would have loved to be here! https://t.co/I28tYYHjv0 RT @IAStartingLine: .@SenGillibrand in her closing in Des Moines: “Iowans are hearty. You are strong, you persevere ... Keep inspiring all… As women, an injustice against ANY of us is an injustice against ALL of us. Our work isn't done as long as anyone is left behind.
 
We are so much stronger when we link arms and march together—and that’s how we’ll win the fights ahead. https://t.co/HeLWFGmgpM I want to say this loud and clear: There is no room for anti-Semitism in this march or this movement.
 
This movement is about empowering ALL women and rejecting racism, misogyny, anti-Semitism, homophobia, transphobia, and hate of any kind. If we change who’s at the decision-making table, we change everything. 
 
Too many of us have been disempowered, silenced, and ignored for too long.
 
Now is our time to reclaim our power. Now is our time to raise our voices and fight for our beliefs. Do you think it would be so hard to end the crisis of sexual assault in the military, in colleges and all across the country? No.

Do you think this ⬇️would be happening? No. https://t.co/hjeuVC6Age Can we talk about what this country would look like if we had women in 51% of elected offices?
 
Do you think we’d still be fighting tooth-and-nail for basic reproductive health care? No. 
 
Do you think we’d even be hesitating to pass paid family leave and pay equity? No. In the two years since the first Women’s March, the stakes have only gotten higher — but as we can see today, looking around at today’s incredible gathering of women and the people who love us: We. Aren’t. Going. Anywhere. Our movement is growing, not fading. It’s WOMEN who are leading the fight for our democracy. So glad to be at the Des Moines Women’s March today. https://t.co/BUIwq33iVs Good morning, Boone! https://t.co/pMd9hWr0iR If we want to be a country lifts each other up, pushes each other forward, and doesn’t leave anyone behind, it’s up to us to make it. It’s time to act. Join our team: https://t.co/bEYdmyjB9S Not surprised to see Leader McConnell extolling the virtues of dark, unaccountable money—but I can't let it go unanswered. This represents the corruption we need to stop to restore the integrity of our democracy. Washington will remain broken until we get money out of politics. https://t.co/aUVpvwxxti Sure did. https://t.co/G6tB6fQZq1 Warming up between stops in Sioux City. ☕️ https://t.co/vZ4rb6d7Kg Grateful for leaders like @JDScholten and Iowa progressives who never stop fighting—win or lose, no matter the odds, because our values are worth fighting for. One of the most important things we do is put ourselves on the line to make our communities better. Devastated to hear that Naval Chief Petty Officer Shannon Kent, from Pine Plains, NY, was one of the Americans lost in the Syrian terror attack this week. My heart is with her loved ones, and with the families of all the brave Americans who sacrifice everything for our country. Almost wheels down in Sioux City! Really looking forward to a weekend of meeting with caucus-goers, hearing stories, and sharing what called me to run. See you soon, Iowa! https://t.co/QuHIH0maQZ I’m about to board the plane for Iowa and wanted to share: hearing your stories is what I look forward to most. I can’t wait to get to Iowa to meet more of you and talk about the future we can build together. More to come after we land! Cruelly separating families is inhumane and misleading the public about it is unacceptable. DHS Sec. Nielsen and HHS Sec. Azar should resign. https://t.co/Tc5QJJoN1P I'm running because I know I have the compassion and the courage to do the things it will take to restore America's leadership in the world—leadership that Trump has walked away from. I feel called to run this race to show our strength AND our values. https://t.co/LSkDERIqKk .@senatemajldr has scheduled a vote today. No, it’s not to reopen the government and begin paying 800,000 federal workers who’ve gone without pay for 27 days. It’s to restrict reproductive health care coverage. Unbelievable.

Stop attacking women. Open the government. Our campaign will be driven by people, not corporations. We’ll fight for working families, not special interests. And we’re going to build this movement one person at a time. Join us and let’s go: https://t.co/bEYdmyjB9S Okay, that was a fun night. https://t.co/RhiMDF9K21 RT @nowthisnews: Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand announced her campaign for 2020 last night — here’s why she wants to be our next president https:/… Looking forward to sitting across from Rachel @maddow again tonight! I’ll be talking with her about why I’m getting ready to run for president, and what (and who) I’m fighting for. Join us at 9pm ET! The teachers who shape our children’s futures deserve no less than a fair paycheck, manageable class conditions, and school support. Doing the right thing isn’t always easy. I’m proudly supporting the #LAUSDStrike and all of the teachers who put our kids first. Happy birthday to my friend @Lin_Manuel! I am so grateful for all you are doing to help the people of Puerto Rico—and to bring art and joy to all of us. Raise a glass! https://t.co/MLSD9OxpKk As a mom, I’ll fight for your family as hard as I fight for my own. For health care as a right, not a privilege. For every child to get a good education, no matter what block they grow up on. For good jobs for everyone who’s ready to work. A visit with @stephenathome is always good for a few laughs. Last night, I shared some news, too. https://t.co/RiTzsyQyEu RT @colbertlateshow: A collector’s item for @SenGillibrand #LSSC https://t.co/RBGDxMGAKE My team just let me know some exciting news: Before this big night is over, we've gotten grassroots donations to our exploratory committee from all 50 states! This campaign is going to be run for and by people, not corporate PACs—that's how we live by our values. Thank you! When it comes to doing the right thing and helping people, I’ve never backed down from a fight – and I won’t start now. https://t.co/yo7soDhRRk This is a moment in history when none of us can stay silent. We have to rise up and reclaim our values. At such a time as this, we all have to ask ourselves: What will we do?

I’ll fight, and I’ll fight with everything I have. It would mean so much if you joined me. Our movement is about lifting voices that have been ignored for too long. That means taking institutional racism and injustice head-on – in our politics, health care, education and economy. Let's show what we can build with determination and optimism, rather than hatred and fear. The campaign we're building will have one core mission: restoring power to people. I won’t accept contributions from corporate PACs or federal lobbyists, and I'm not afraid to take on Trump, special interests or any powerful system – never have been. I believe this country needs a movement rooted in compassion and courage. We want an America defined by strength of character, not weakness of ego. We need to protect our basic rights and fight for better health care, education and jobs. And I believe I'm the woman for the job. Tonight I announced that I’m preparing to run for president, because I believe we’re all called to make a difference. I believe in right vs. wrong – that wrong wins when we do nothing. Now is our time to raise our voices and get off the sidelines. Join me: https://t.co/I1vp93u0wh RT @colbertlateshow: TONIGHT: @SenGillibrand stops by @colbertlateshow to announce that she is forming an exploratory committee to run for… Trump's attacks on birth control aren't about religious freedom, they're about taking away reproductive rights. And they won't stand. https://t.co/7QN2t7JaJH What an incredible privilege to be serving alongside so many women who are changing the face of leadership in this new Congress. https://t.co/UvYQXe39fL The emergency at our border is the cruel treatment of children who are still detained. It’s the asylum seekers being shut out. It’s @realDonaldTrump’s dehumanizing attacks on immigrants in need.

We need to end the shutdown and get back to solving real problems families face. These are critical issues that would make the lives of families across the country better. But instead of working toward progress, the president is creating an unnecessary crisis by holding the government hostage. This shutdown needs to end. Now. Strengthening the environmental protections that combat climate change, preserve our access to clean air and water and protect our planet’s future for our children and grandchildren. Providing funding to states and hospitals to implement best practices in maternal care – so we can begin to address America’s maternal mortality crisis, which disproportionately affects black mothers. Passing gun reform legislation to curb gun trafficking, ban automatic assault weapons and institute universal background checks to keep our loved ones safe. Passing the Marijuana Justice Act to end the drug policies in our country that disproportionately target communities of color and reinforce systemic imprisonment of people of color. Creating more job training opportunities and raising the minimum wage, so that no one who works 40 hours a week lives below the poverty line. Fighting for better funding for our public schools so that every student in every community has access to a quality education and the opportunity to succeed. Passing Medicare for All to create affordable, universal health care for every American who needs it, so families would never again have to worry about affording a trip to the doctor or the prescriptions they need. President Trump is using the American people as a bargaining chip, and his shutdown is holding our government hostage: Instead of wasting time discussing his wasteful, ineffective border wall, here are all the issues Congress could be tackling instead: This has officially become the longest shutdown in American history. Enough. If @realDonaldTrump wants to have a real conversation about border security, he needs to reopen the government. It’s time for the president to stop playing politics with people’s lives and reopen the government. This has to end. Because of the shutdown, nearly 248,000 veterans have no guarantee of pay – many of whom joined the federal workforce to continue the service they began in the military. This is an insult to their patriotism and the sacrifices they’ve made to keep our country safe. With no telling when they’ll receive a paycheck, many TSA officers have had to resign so they can pursue other jobs to pay for rent and child care. While Trump stokes fear about the crisis at the border, he’s created a real security risk at transit hubs across the country. The FDA has stopped inspecting food for salmonella, E. coli and listeria. The EPA is unable to monitor dangerous chemicals and pollutants. And the only way these agencies can resume protecting our health and safety is to force their employees to work without pay. The consequences of President Trump’s shutdown touch every corner of our country. It’s forced hundreds of thousands of workers to grapple with economic hardship. It’s left federal agencies unable to perform the functions that protect American lives. Enough already. We need to end this shutdown now. You can submit a comment until Jan. 28 telling DeVos that her Title IX proposals are a betrayal of the students she’s supposed to protect. We all need to speak out: https://t.co/tbEfJGY9BY Betsy DeVos is betraying survivors of sexual assault and harassment on college campuses by neglecting their best interests, while doing everything in her power to help schools avoid accountability and resist responsibility. It’s shameful. When someone reports sexual assault or harassment, as a first step, we must listen and believe them so all allegations can be investigated fairly and properly. But @BetsyDeVosED’s draft rules on Title IX weaken protections for survivors and discourage reports of abuse in schools. 800,000 people don’t know when they’ll see a paycheck. Thousands of children are still detained. People seeking asylum are being turned away. Rather than using his office to spread fear, it's time for @realDonaldTrump to end the shutdown and address these real crises. I believe in health care as a right, not a privilege.
I believe in better schools for our kids.
I believe in job creation and better wages.

This is what I’m going to keep fighting for in 2019, and I’m counting on you to fight alongside me. During his campaign, @realDonaldTrump promised that Mexico would pay for his wasteful, ineffective wall. Not taxpayers. Now, he’s holding workers and families hostage to get the funding he demands. .@realDonaldTrump is deliberately misleading Americans and stoking fear. The only crisis at our southern border is the humanitarian one he has created. Any funding for a wall would divert needed resources from healthcare, education and job creation. Each day, gun violence destroys communities across our country, yet Congress continues to do nothing. Almost all Americans support federal background checks. Today, I'm proud to join Senate colleagues on a bill to expand them for all gun sales. Let's take action and pass it. In prolonging his senseless shutdown, @realDonaldTrump is risking the health and well-being of millions of Americans, children, veterans and seniors who rely on SNAP benefits to get enough food to eat. We cannot allow this to happen. This shutdown needs to end. https://t.co/zhs1ZAo0DR Gabby is a shining light. 8 years since that horrific day in Tucson, she's shown incredible strength by calling out the NRA's greed, and demanding an end to the senseless gun violence that has claimed too many lives.

Enough is enough. Congress must pass meaningful gun reform. https://t.co/fin1Y1NqIV RT @NBCNews: Senator Kirsten Gillibrand announced that she's reintroducing a bill to establish a “9/11-style” independent commission "to in… It’s unacceptable. Democrats want to reopen the government — and the Senate should not consider any new legislation until we get these workers back on the payroll so that they can pay their bills and take care of their families. During this shutdown, 800k federal workers and contractors are not being paid. Even more Americans are being denied basic government services, with families at risk of losing SNAP benefits and shelters that help families in violent situations at risk of closing. The Violence Against Women Act expired with the president's government shutdown. 

Now, shelters across the country are struggling to keep their doors open to help women who have survived domestic violence and sexual assault. 

This shutdown must end. 

https://t.co/ePng7EKVxw These deaths are preventable — and the rates of death are only getting worse!

Our country must do better. We must keep fighting for better care for new mothers. 

Tell Congress to pass the MOMS Act, which would provide hospitals with the tools and funding to save lives. https://t.co/d3Hav12uo8 