Fighting for Medicare for all will mean taking on special interests who will spend enormous sums of money to defend our dysfunctional health care system. They have the money. We have the people. The American people are tired of a health care system that works for Wall Street investors, insurance companies and the pharmaceutical industry—but ignores their needs. They want to move to a Medicare-for-all, single-payer system. President Trump believes we should listen to fossil fuel executives and ignore climate change. 

I believe we should listen to the scientists who tell us we must aggressively combat climate change and transform our energy system to sustainable energy. Where did the money from Trump's "tax cuts for the middle class" go? To wealthy corporations who have spent $1 trillion buying back their own stock to enrich executives and wealthy shareholders. That's not acceptable. https://t.co/tsOvYYRekZ Republicans want to cut taxes for Trump's kids and other children of billionaire families. No. It's time to enact a progressive estate tax and start investing in programs that actually help working families, not the top 0.2%. https://t.co/EDUd49hhmU Trump's demonization of Latinos is racist, it’s wrong and it also happens to be factually inaccurate. Undocumented Latino immigrants commit fewer crimes in America than the general public. I agree with the joint statement from the Virginia House and Senate Democrats. Very serious and credible allegations have been made by two women against Lieutenant Governor Fairfax. He needs to resign. President Trump. Do not shut down the government again. Another Trump shutdown would be not only harmful to our federal workers, but also to the safety and security of our nation. https://t.co/Doib9RtVZ5 Donald Trump’s relentless attacks on our political institutions not only undermine our democracy, they also embolden authoritarian leaders around the world. https://t.co/IO37ookKyw I am proud to be an original co-sponsor of the Green New Deal proposal. We must address the existential crisis of planetary climate change, while at the same time creating millions of good-paying jobs in our country. https://t.co/ErH0Vrvj2V Trump's top intelligence officials, European allies, national security and nonproliferation experts: The Iran nuclear deal works.

Trump: No. https://t.co/zaKdG0awUc Climate change is an existential disaster facing the entire world. We must transform our energy system away from fossil fuels to energy efficiency and sustainable energy. A Green New Deal can save the planet and create millions of new jobs. No one, not even the president of the United States, is above the law. https://t.co/IZOFVz8otn Mr. Trump, you are dead wrong. This is not a "hot economy" when 62 percent of jobs in America cannot support a middle class life. https://t.co/ejTKgbkHmu Millions of our people are working for starvation wages. Here is the simple truth. Nobody can raise a family or pay the rent on poverty wages of $8 or $9 an hour.

We are the wealthiest country in the world. We can do better. We can raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour. Yes, the economy is great—for the top 1 percent, who now earn 46 percent of all new income. Not for the nearly 80 percent of Americans living paycheck to paycheck. "Our progress has always found refuge in the basic instinct of the American experiment—to do right by our people. And with a renewed commitment to social and economic justice, we will create a stronger America together." –@staceyabrams https://t.co/PjBsW8rYBZ Trump talks a lot about "freedom." But people are not truly free when they have no health care or can't afford to feed their families. They are not free when they must work 80 hours a week on starvation wages. https://t.co/TjohBJFhj7 We have got to think big, not small. Canada guarantees free health care for all, Finland provides free tuition at public colleges, France provides generous retirement benefits. We are the wealthiest country on Earth. Why can't we do the same? All Americans have a right to breathe clean air and drink clean water. Yet Andrew Wheeler, Trump's nominee to lead the EPA, won't commit to regulating a family of toxic chemicals found in our drinking water. https://t.co/CkxH9cBCCD One vial of insulin cost $21 in 1996, compared to $320 in 2018. American lives are being lost because of pharma's greed. That has got to end. https://t.co/3CiFCdjU4A Tonight, Trump repeated some of the most extreme anti-women attacks coming from the far right. At a time when we see an unprecedented and coordinated attack against a woman’s right to choose, we must fight to make sure that every woman has the right to control her own body. #SOTU If we are serious about transforming our country, rebuilding the middle class and reinvigorating our democracy: let us bring our people together to take on and defeat a ruling class whose greed is destroying our nation. #SOTU Trump said tonight, “We are born free, and we will stay free.”

I say to Trump: People are not truly free when they can’t afford health care, prescription drugs, or a place to live. People are not free when they cannot retire with dignity or feed their families. #SOTU Tonight Trump—who in less than two years in the White House has seen 5 aides either plead guilty or be convicted of criminal charges—claimed the strength of the economy was dependent on him being free from necessary oversight and investigations. The exact opposite is true. #SOTU How can a president of the United States give a State of the Union speech and not mention climate change? #SOTU Despite what President Trump says, it is not “a hot economy” when 43% of households can't afford to pay for housing, food, child care, health care, transportation and a cell phone without going into debt. That is not a hot economy. #SOTU My response to President Trump’s State of the Union address: https://t.co/sl1OEu6NR8 Now that that’s over, please watch my friend Stacey Abrams share her message for the country. https://t.co/j6oL1eLFkF Fox News can't believe their own poll says people want to tax the rich. The truth is: The overwhelming majority of the American people want the wealthy to pay their fair share. https://t.co/7vNR56aFh0 Let me guess. President Trump tonight will talk about crimes committed by undocumented Latinos. Do you think he will mention the mass shootings done by white men, or the need for common sense gun safety legislation? Will Trump talk about climate change in his State of the Union address tonight? Lloyd Blankfein, the former CEO of Goldman Sachs, is correct that the money from stock buybacks “doesn't vanish.” It increases the wealth of billionaires like him. Instead of making the very rich even richer, how about increasing wages for American workers. Is that a bad idea? https://t.co/FpIGQW9IZC Today, we have the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any major nation, our child care system is dysfunctional, our teachers are underpaid and many public schools are struggling. We need to invest in our kids, not a wall with Mexico. Republicans officials don't push the myth of voter fraud because it is an actual problem. They push it to maintain the racist voting laws that have kept them in power for generations. The real problem we face is voter suppression.
https://t.co/5YFlz4c7x1 It was a Republican president — not Bernie Sanders — who first argued for the creation of a progressive estate tax to reduce the enormous concentration of wealth. Mitch McConnell might want to listen. https://t.co/3KVWmMaSCu Congratulations to New Jersey and @GovMurphy for signing a bill today to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour. Now we must ensure a livable wage in all 50 states. https://t.co/AjGhW0SmqG .@SenSchumer and I are here to say: corporations must address the needs of workers before the interests of wealthy stockholders. Our bill will prohibit corporations from buying back stock unless they invest in workers and communities first. https://t.co/QnVGXEE5Zv Instead of wasting billions on a wall with Mexico, tax breaks for billionaires and a bloated military budget, we need to end childhood poverty, rebuild our crumbling infrastructure, combat climate change and invest in our kids and seniors. Today on Rosa Parks' 106th birthday we must do more than just remember her lifetime of organizing. We must honor her by working to fulfill her vision of racial, economic and social justice. https://t.co/lXtKb8WUE2 RT @SenSchumer: At a time of huge income and wealth inequality, Americans should be outraged that profitable corporations are laying off wo… Stacey Abrams is a great choice to deliver the Democratic response. I'm very much looking forward to her speech.

For the third year in a row, following the Democratic rebuttal I'll be on Facebook Live, Twitter and YouTube to respond to Trump. https://t.co/4xOCjkNwtF Walmart’s decision to provide 48 hours of paid sick leave to some employees is a small step forward, but not nearly good enough. This is not a poor company. Walmart can and must pay all of its workers at least $15 an hour with good benefits. https://t.co/mTSTVHbenC Three people own more wealth than the bottom half of our country. 25 hedge fund managers earn twice as much as all 140,000 kindergarten teachers. One family (Kochs) spent $400 million to buy elections. That's why we need a political revolution. RT @mdb2: ✔️buy a decades-old drug
✔️raise the price by $375,000
✔️promise shareholders millions
✔️hope you get away with it

The business… I stand with @transportworker fighting to keep us safe and to keep airline mechanics jobs in America. https://t.co/7y71QRLynb RT @CNN: Sen. Bernie Sanders sent a blistering letter to a pharmaceutical company on Monday, demanding answers about its decision to charge… RT @nytopinion: .@SenSchumer &amp; @SenSanders argue that when corporations dedicate so much of their resources to buying back shares, they res… Instead of repealing the estate tax and giving a massive tax cut to the Walton family and Kochs as Mitch McConnell and Trump want to do, let’s substantially increase this tax on multi-millionaires and billionaires and reduce wealth inequality in America. https://t.co/nQLbe156LB Walmart is spending $20 billion on a share repurchase program.

With a fraction of that amount, Walmart could have raised hourly wages of every employee to $15.

Corporations should address the needs of workers before the interests of wealthy stockholders. https://t.co/cWokg4aptu Today, I am demanding that Catalyst explain why they raised the price of this drug by $375,000. No one in the United States of America should die because they cannot afford the medication they need. https://t.co/Lh8arPHuo0 Catalyst Pharmaceuticals raised the price of a life-saving drug from $0 to $375,000.

Now patients are worried they are going to suffer or even die because of the greed of a drug company.

If Catalyst does not substantially lower the price of this medication, Congress must act. https://t.co/XeU6XihTWm Let's not kid ourselves. What we have today is a campaign finance system that amounts to legalized bribery. Remember when Trump promised that his tax giveaway to the rich would put an extra $4,000 into the pockets of middle-class families?

The reality: bonuses for average workers are up by just two cents an hour since Trump’s tax plan was signed into law. Two cents. Every other major country has made the morally principled and financially responsible decision to make health care a right to all of their people. Those who say this goal is unachievable are selling the American people short. Gov. Northam should resign. Lt. Gov. Justin Fairfax should step in and begin a new day for Virginia. After 35 days of pain and suffering for federal workers and contractors during the Trump shutdown, what's the first thing that the GOP leadership decides to do? Make the wealthiest families in America even richer. https://t.co/tEVU9TteWZ Trump’s withdrawal from the INF treaty is dangerous and irresponsible. We should strengthen these treaties, not end them. We should invest in our children, our seniors and our working families, not in an incredibly expensive arms race. The grotesque level of wealth inequality, from a moral, economic and political perspective, is the great challenge we face. We cannot have a vibrant democracy or a just economy when so few have so much, and so many have so little. Pharma companies lied about the addictive impacts of opioids, yet not one of them has been held fully accountable for this crisis.

We have got to start punishing their greed and recklessness which is killing tens of thousands of Americans every year. https://t.co/SCSwO90552 Trump and McConnell believe—at a time of obscene inequality—that they need to help out the richest 0.2% of Americans by repealing the estate tax.

I have a better idea: raise the estate tax so that billionaires pay their fair share. https://t.co/aIivk7dU3s Under billionaire Eddie Lampert's watch 3,500 Sears stores closed and over 250,000 workers lost their jobs. Lampert must ensure a just transition for Sears workers who lost their jobs due to his greed. Workers deserve severance pay and to have their benefits honored. https://t.co/1TcsHt4R1k The American people do not want endless war. It is the job of Congress to responsibly end these military interventions and bring our troops home, not to come up with more reasons to continue them. https://t.co/qMhuebv03A According to my Republican colleague, corporations are people who can have unlimited influence in our elections. But if you're a low-income worker in Kentucky, we shouldn't make it any easier for you to vote. https://t.co/l0HwVbd02Y Our infrastructure is collapsing. Teachers are underpaid. Veterans sleep on the streets. Families can't afford child care.

But, according to my Republican colleagues, one of our highest priorities must be to give hundreds of billions of dollars to a few billionaire families. It is not just a coincidence that 46% of all new income is going to the top 1%. That is the result of an economy that is rigged in favor of the wealthy. I say to Mitch McConnell and Donald Trump: Instead of repealing the estate tax, let’s substantially increase this tax on multi-millionaires and billionaires and reduce wealth inequality in America. https://t.co/mPgU2EDFRi RT @washingtonpost: Bernie Sanders to propose dramatic expansion in estate tax on richest Americans, including 77 percent rate on billionai… Incredibly, Republican leaders in the Senate have introduced a bill to repeal the estate tax for the richest 1,700 families in America. That's absurd.

From a moral, economic and political perspective our nation will not thrive when so few have so much and so many have so little. Our bill only applies to the richest 0.2% of Americans. It would establish a:

-45% tax on estate values $3.5M to $10M
-50% tax on estate values $10M to $50M
-55% tax on estate values over $50M
-77% tax on estate values over $1 billion The fairest way to reduce wealth inequality, invest in the disappearing middle class and preserve our democracy is to enact a progressive estate tax on the inherited wealth of multi-millionaires and billionaires.

Today I'm introducing a bill to do that:
https://t.co/dDaCCgC2z5 RT @RepJayapal: We are witnessing the worst humanitarian crisis of our generation in Yemen. It’s time to stop stoking the flames of this un… Somehow, we have billions of dollars available for more jails and incarceration, but we "can't afford" to provide kids with the college education they need to survive in modern America. That doesn't make any sense to me. Billionaires and huge corporations should not be allowed to use loopholes and tax havens to avoid paying their fair share. At a time of massive global inequality the very wealthy should be paying more in taxes, not less. https://t.co/oknrY68231 RT @Public_Citizen: .@SenSanders: Our immediate job is to end the terrible war in Yemen. But the time is also long overdue for Congress to… When Yemenis see “Made in USA” on the bombs that are killing them, it tells them that the USA is responsible for this war.

This is not the message we should be sending to the world. Congress must end support for the catastrophic war in Yemen led by a despotic Saudi regime. RT @ElizLanders: .@SenSanders reintroducing (with House and Senate colleagues) legislation to end the US involvement in the war in Yemen- S… RT @RepRoKhanna: The U.S.-Saudi campaign in Yemen has triggered the world’s worst humanitarian crisis. More than 14 million Yemenis - half… The Saudi-led war in Yemen has been a humanitarian and strategic disaster. 85,000 children have starved to death. Today my colleagues and I are reintroducing our resolution to end U.S. support for this war and reclaim our constitutional authority. https://t.co/BZJW46UbVJ After Trump shut down the government for 35 days the first bill Sen. McConnell introduced wasn't to provide back-pay to 1.2 million federal contractors.

It wasn't to guarantee health care or lower drug prices.

It was to repeal the estate tax for the 1,700 wealthiest families. The racist and homophobic attack on Jussie Smollett is a horrific instance of the surging hostility toward minorities around the country. We must come together to eradicate all forms of bigotry and violence. https://t.co/2accVEJrCG We have a rigged tax code that has essentially legalized tax-dodging for large corporations and the world's wealthiest individuals. It is time to end these egregious loopholes and make the wealthy pay their fair share. https://t.co/kCChn6dJFM Ending the estate tax would give a tax break of up to $63 billion to the Walton family and $39 billion to the Kochs—but $0 to 99.8% of Americans.

At a time of record inequality, the very last thing we should do is line the pockets of the rich.
https://t.co/0BnJxhNBi8 This billionaire thinks a high marginal tax rate on the rich has never worked in any country, ever. Has he heard of the United States of America? https://t.co/nNrHGCYY8D Trump on his tax cuts: "It’s gonna be a tremendous thing for the American people. It’s gonna be fantastic for the economy."

The reality: A windfall for massive corporations and billionaires. No major impact on job growth or investments in the US economy. https://t.co/WS3ZhqPsKX If we think big, not small, we can end the grotesque level of income and wealth inequality, guarantee health care for all, have a livable minimum wage and make public colleges and universities tuition-free. The struggle continues. While I do not support the BDS movement, we must defend every American’s constitutional right to peacefully engage in political activity. It is clear to me that S.1 would violate Americans’ First Amendment rights. As a nation we have a choice: are we going to join every other major country and make health care a right? Or will we continue to allow insurance and pharma companies to make huge profits off of people's suffering? I do not believe that men and women fought and died for our right to vote so that billionaires could buy elections. We must move to real campaign finance reform and public funding of elections. In the year 2019, no one in America, especially those working for profitable corporations with billionaire CEOs, should be living in poverty or struggling economically.

We must raise the minimum wage to a living wage—$15 an hour. Mr. President. 800,000 federal employees and their families are human beings, not your play things. Do not treat them with contempt and disrupt their lives. They have kids. They have needs. Do not shut down the government again. Our infrastructure is crumbling. Instead of building a wall on the Mexican border, we should create millions of good-paying jobs rebuilding our roads, bridges, water systems, wastewater plants, schools, airports and affordable housing. When an undocumented person commits a murder, Trump talks about it incessantly. When, in 2017,  a white guy like Stephen Paddock kills 58 people in Las Vegas and wounds 851, Trump has very little to say. Today, on Holocaust Remembrance Day, we pledge to never forget the 6 million Jews murdered by Hitler. At a time of increased tribalism and  xenophobia, we must recommit ourselves to fight against all forms of bigotry and intolerance. Young people all over the world are demanding action on climate change, like @GretaThunberg, who had the courage to demand that the world’s corporate elite do their part to address this global crisis. https://t.co/BwjnnpxT20 Read this piece from @NickKristof about Saudi human rights activist Loujain al-Hathloul, who has been detained and tortured by the Saudi regime. The U.S. must push for rights activists to be freed and the regime held accountable. https://t.co/8h2M1lE8lk At a time of massive wealth and income inequality, when the 3 wealthiest people own more wealth than the bottom half of our country and 46% of all new income goes to the top 1%, Americans want the rich to pay their fair share of taxes.
https://t.co/RbYcbKBfLD “We can decide to fight for real labor law in this country with the fundamental principle that if you go to work you get paid. And you have the right to strike if you are not given that.” –@FlyingWithSara, President of Association of Flight Attendants-CWA
https://t.co/HVB45XJx2x Thank you air traffic controllers, flight attendants, federal workers and contract employees for standing up for your rights, holding rallies, organizing and sharing  heartbreaking stories over the past 35 days. You are the reason that the government shutdown finally ended. RT @cspan: .@SenSanders: "I think the time is long overdue for the American people to tell this president he is not a dictator, he is not a… President Trump shut down the government, held 800,000 federal employees hostage and disrupted vital federal services for absolutely nothing. Pathetic! https://t.co/TpgxdrkyY9 How pathetic. On Dec. 19, the Senate unanimously passed essentially the same legislation that we will vote on today. We are back to exactly where we started. Thank you, Mr. President, for shutting down the government and holding 800,000 federal employees hostage. All for nothing! The Constitution and federal law bans indentured servitude. That means no worker, including federal employees, should be forced to work without getting paid. Trump's anti-worker government shutdown is an ugly attack on the working class of this country. RT @Ilhan: Thank you @SenSanders for calling attention to the #StopLine3 movement. This is not just an environmental issue, it's an indigen… Mr. President. Your shutdown is not only hurting federal employees and people who need government services, it's now impacting the general public and the whole economy. End your shutdown now. Pay federal workers. https://t.co/VwGGEk8MZ8 Today, six Republicans had the courage to stand up to Trump and vote with Democrats to end the shutdown without spending billions on an unneeded wall. 

The ball is now in Mitch McConnell's court. He must stand up to Trump and put federal employees back to work. https://t.co/MV50kx8Gwf “They’re using us as a bargaining chip.”
“I feel as, I think many people do, a bit like a pawn.”
“Holding federal employees hostage is not the way to do it.”

President Trump, listen to federal workers. End the shutdown! https://t.co/qcKgyvaGzi But we must learn the lessons of the past and not be in the business of regime change or supporting coups—as we have in Chile, Guatemala, Brazil &amp; the DR. The US has a long history of inappropriately intervening in Latin American nations; we must not go down that road again. 3/3 The United States should support the rule of law, fair elections and self-determination for the Venezuelan people. We must condemn the use of violence against unarmed protesters and the suppression of dissent. 2/3 The Maduro government has waged a violent crackdown on Venezuelan civil society, violated the constitution by dissolving the National Assembly and was re-elected last year in an election many observers said was fraudulent. The economy is a disaster and millions are migrating. 1/3 Once again, it is clear that a majority of Americans support an agenda which calls for economic justice. Increasing the minimum wage to $15 an hour would give a pay raise to 40 million Americans. Let's do it. https://t.co/3cfLUbEM6M The dangerous Line 3 pipeline in Minnesota would send a million barrels of tar sands oil—the dirtiest fossil fuel in the world—through the headwaters of the Mississippi River, tribal treaty lands and sacred wild rice beds. It must be stopped. #StopLine3 https://t.co/MTktHBcTwv Trump’s shutdown is forcing furloughed workers to choose between paying for rent or chemotherapy.

That is not a choice anyone in the wealthiest country in the history of the world should have to make.

Mr. President, stop holding federal employees hostage. End the shutdown now. https://t.co/Nz1t5eJrTD Every two days last year, a multi-millionaire in the world became a billionaire. It's called a rigged global economy and this is how it works. https://t.co/DXfWKABXaA Billionaires like Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and Trump may not get it, but It's not complicated. Federal employees go to food banks because they have to feed their kids, and they can't do that without a paycheck. Mr. President. End the shutdown you created. https://t.co/NLbdSEPZHh President Trump, you want to talk about a crisis? 7 million Americans have become uninsured since you took office. The uninsured rate is the highest in 5 years.

We must end the embarrassment of being the only major country not to guarantee health care for all. #MedicareForAll Trump stated loudly and clearly: "I am proud to shut down the government." 

Now, Mr. President, with 800,000 federal employees struggling to pay their bills, end the crisis you created. Pay federal employees. Open the government. Congratulations to LA teachers for leading this country forward to ensure that all our children get a quality education. When we stand together there is nothing we cannot accomplish. https://t.co/3k2mrW7bYC The economy is "booming" for Trump and his billionaire golfing buddies at Mar-a-Lago, but for the 80 percent of workers who are living paycheck to paycheck, this is not an economy to be proud of. https://t.co/mYyIUn1Bp7 If Trump were serious about protecting our national security, he would recognize that climate change is not a "hoax" and is already causing destruction and instability worldwide. The time for bold action is now. The bad news: We have just 11 years to take bold steps to rapidly transform our energy system to sustainable energy if the planet is going to remain habitable.

The good news: We can revitalize our economy and create tens of millions of jobs in the process. Today, 46 years after Roe v. Wade, abortion is a right in name only for millions of women in America. Our job: do everything we can to protect and expand reproductive rights and access to abortion across the country. Discrimination has no place in our military or society. It is my hope that this temporary ruling will not be the final outcome. We must stand with trans service members. Trump's efforts to divide us will not succeed. https://t.co/nOs41Ahir3 We must stop incarcerating millions of Americans and funding militarism, and end racism in the criminal justice system and in the voting booth. Our attention should be on lifting up all Americans. Trump says he supports the working class. Really? Today, as a result of his cruel government shutdown, 800,000 federal workers worry about how they will feed their kids, pay their mortgages or see a doctor. Mr. President. End the shutdown.
https://t.co/QrT7uhfjXm 9 years ago the disastrous Citizens United decision opened the door for billionaires and corporate interests to buy our elections.

To restore our one person, one vote democracy, we must pass a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United and stop the slide to oligarchy. We have a president who is a racist.

Today we say to Trump: We aren't going back to more bigotry, discrimination and division. We're going forward. In a democratic society, people can have honest differences of opinion. It is difficult, however, to engage in policy discussion with someone like Trump who is a pathological liar. https://t.co/l8sphSbPHX Dr. King's vision of ending the triple evils of racism, economic injustice and war is as important today as it was when Dr. King fought for those principles, and must motivate us in all of our work. #MLKDay We must do more than just “honor and remember” Dr. King. We must be faithful to his revolutionary spirit, his call for a “radical revolution of values” and his incredible courage in taking on virtually the entire political and economic establishment of his time. #MLKDay Trump is shutting down the government not just for his absurd wall. When you don't pay 800,000 federal workers you are destroying the concept of government in a democratic society, and moving to more privatization and corporate control over our lives. Interesting. Trump and Putin are not only billionaire, anti-democratic authoritarians but they deny the crisis of climate change and push fossil fuels. What's the connection? It is not a radical idea to say that instead of throwing millions of Americans off of the health care they have, we must join every other major country on Earth and guarantee health care as a right, not a privilege, through a Medicare for All system. "When machines and computers, profit motives and property rights are considered more important than people, the giant triplets of racism, materialism and militarism are incapable of being conquered.” -Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Riverside Church, 1967 Mr. President. Stop holding federal employees hostage and stop holding the young people in DACA hostage. End the federal shutdown and reinstate legal status for these young Americans. #NoWall No, President Trump, the economy is not “absolutely booming” when nearly 80 percent of workers live paycheck to paycheck. Instead of an agenda for the wealthy few, we need to create an economy that works for all of us.
https://t.co/yI4Etjl5OR Since Trump was elected, the five richest people in America have seen their wealth go up by over $100 billion.

Over the past year, wages for average workers are up by $9.11 a week after adjusting for inflation.

That is the economic reality under Trump. Instead of an austerity program for working families and the poor, we need austerity for billionaires and large multinational corporations. President Trump said that "nobody has been better at the military" than him.

So why is he keeping the government shut down and leaving 42,000 service members without paychecks for the first time in history? The wealth gap between white Americans and African Americans has more than TRIPLED over the past 50 years.

Today, the median white family has almost 10 times as much wealth as the median black family.

We must fight for racial and economic justice for all. If this report is true, Donald Trump committed obstruction of justice—a felony and a potentially impeachable offense. I am glad that the House will be investigating this serious issue. https://t.co/pBg8Agytk5 We must repeal the Trump tax breaks for the top 1% and large, profitable corporations. At a time of massive income and wealth inequality, we need to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure and create a sustainable economy, not make the very rich even richer. RT @SenatorLeahy: Leahy, @SenSanders And @PeterWelch Join In Introducing 'Blue Card' Bill To Reform Broken Immigration Policies That Beset… Saudi Arabia's crown prince, Mohammed bin Salman, has been hailed as a progressive reformer. But his track record of imprisoning, torturing and murdering activists begs to differ. It's time that the U.S. and the international community hold this despotic regime accountable. https://t.co/kZ24dc6joR Congratulations to @GovMurphy and the New Jersey state legislature for agreeing to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour. This is a major step forward for economic justice. Our job now: pass $15 minimum wage legislation for ALL Americans. https://t.co/vApedb0H4T Maybe I’m the “radical” one, but I don’t think it's acceptable that the top 25 Wall Street hedge fund managers made over $15 billion in compensation in 2017—nearly double what all 140,000 kindergarten teachers in America made last year. Over the past 40 years there has been an enormous transfer of income from the middle class to rich. Since 1979, the bottom 90% of Americans have seen their share of national income decline from 58% to just 46%—costing them nearly $11,000 per household. RT @nowthisnews: Bernie Sanders grilled Trump’s EPA nominee after the latter refused to affirm the scientific community’s conclusions on cl… It is disgraceful that we have a president who is holding hostage the paychecks of 800,000 federal employees all because he didn't like being attacked by Fox News. Mr. President, end this dangerous shutdown now. https://t.co/5O1FkhHB2r Yesterday Trump’s nominee to lead the EPA, Andrew Wheeler, wouldn't call climate change a crisis. And in his opening statement, he didn’t mention the words "climate change" once.

We need an administration that leads the world in combatting climate change, not denies this crisis. https://t.co/5BFSL80whl RT @thehill: Bernie Sanders: "We think we should pay attention to working people and raise the minimum wage to a living wage." https://t.co… When we raise the minimum wage to a living wage, poverty will go down and new jobs will be created. This a win-win for the economy and our country. It's time to pass a $15 minimum wage. https://t.co/BUuBWmu2Wp The person Donald Trump has nominated to lead the Environmental Protection Agency doesn't believe climate change is a "crisis." That is not only a disgrace, it is incredibly dangerous to the future of our planet. https://t.co/KWCksRvpHZ We need to change national priorities in this country. Instead of giving a trillion dollars in tax breaks to the top 1 percent and large, profitable corporations, we need to raise the minimum wage to a living wage of $15 an hour. Our $15 minimum wage bill would give a raise to over 40 million Americans, including more than half of African American and Latinx workers. A job should lift you out of poverty, not keep you in it. It's time every worker in America is paid a living wage. https://t.co/3Uiz8W2EEB RT @EconomicPolicy: “It is not a radical idea that the economy should work for everyone and not just those at the very top,” says @SenSande… RT @jmillerlewis: In 2015 there were 5 Senate cosponsors and 56 House cosponsors of @SenSanders’ bill to raise the minimum wage to $15. 

T… Today, along with Rep. @BobbyScott and 181 House cosponsors and 31 Senate cosponsors, I'm announcing the Raise the Wage Act to bring the federal minimum wage up to $15 an hour.

Watch our announcement live here: 
https://t.co/mm4MbM6FFQ RT @NRDC: “You are the nominee to be head of the Environmental Protection Agency and you just in your opening statement did not mention the… RT @NRDC: “Do you agree with the scientific community?” @SenSanders
“I would not call it the greatest crisis.” @EPAAWheeler 

#StopWheeler… Trump thinks we have "the greatest economy in the history of America." It may be great for his friends at Mar-a-Lago, but:

-The average worker makes less today than 43 years ago
-80% live paycheck to paycheck
-43% of households can't afford basic needs
https://t.co/qLR87R9tzf At a time of massive income and wealth inequality, the wealthiest people in this country must start paying their fair share of taxes. 

And we must do away with the massive loopholes that allow profitable corporations to stash billions of dollars in tax havens overseas. https://t.co/4xu96sAUMx RT @guardian: Trump's economy is great for billionaires, not for working people | Bernie Sanders https://t.co/p5uLPPsNB9 Racism and white supremacy have no place in Vermont. Kiah Morris was an excellent representative and our state is worse off without her in office. We must root out racism in Vermont and ensure that no one fears for their safety because of the color of their skin. https://t.co/3UsnUxTVqE On nearly every "radical" idea the American people are with us:

72% want to expand Social Security.
70% want Medicare for All.
65% want a jobs guarantee.
64% want to legalize marijuana.
60% want tuition-free public colleges.
58% want $15 min wage.
57% want to break up big banks. RT @billmckibben: Nice reminder from @SenSanders that the shutdown is one more way we're not dealing with the climate crisis
https://t.co/7… The scientists tell us that the future of the planet is endangered by climate change. Meanwhile, because of Trump's government shutdown, about 95% of E.P.A. employees have been furloughed because they are "non-essential." How insane is that? https://t.co/1XiUvqbzUf While labor productivity has more than doubled since the late 1960s, nearly half of all new income generated in the U.S. since 1993 has gone to the top 1 percent.

This is what we mean when we say the economy is rigged in favor of the wealthy. RT @SSWorks: These three @SenSanders bills would arrest the highway robbery in the prescription drug market: https://t.co/ZeqHTXXGhB via @D… Think big, not small. It is not "radical" to demand that all Americans receive decent wages, guaranteed health care, quality education, affordable housing and a clean environment. We need a government that represents all of us, not just the 1%. We need a revolution in education. Teachers in LA should not be forced to strike for decent wages and smaller classes. All parents deserve high quality, affordable childcare.  Young people should not leave college deeply in debt. We must get our priorities right. The time has come to fulfill and expand upon FDR’s vision that he laid out in 1944.

These are not radical ideas. They're supported by the majority of Americans. Working together, we can and we must achieve economic, social, racial, political and environmental justice for all. https://t.co/pyMZSoiRDz Trump says the economy is "booming." It is—for the top 10 CEOs who saw their combined compensation soar by 60% in 2017. 

For the average worker, however, real wages went up by just 1.2% over the past year. 

The very rich get richer. Working families continue to struggle. "[The animals] are being taken care of better than we are." –Larry Howard, a worker at the National Zoo who doesn't know how he is going to pay his bills during Trump's shutdown.

Mr. President. Your actions have consequences. End your shutdown now and pay federal workers. https://t.co/8dkgmL6UjH In America, a woman—not the government or her employer—must control her own body. We must vigorously defend women’s access to all reproductive health services and allow them to make their own medical decisions.
https://t.co/XQgsVhfPAM Enough is enough.

We are going to end the disgrace of health care being a privilege for the wealthy. We must pass Medicare for all and make health care a right. https://t.co/hiIwNwQ60L The federal minimum wage of $7.25 is a starvation wage. That is why I, along with many other members of Congress, will introduce legislation this week to raise that wage to $15 an hour. If you work 40 hours a week, you should not live in poverty. Mr. President. Do you want to know what a real "national emergency" is? The scientists tell us that if we don't combat climate change aggressively, the severe damage done to our country and planet will be irreversible. Now that's a "crisis." Do Trump and his billionaire friends understand that many federal employees live paycheck to paycheck? They have kids to feed and mortgages to pay.  

Mr. President. Grow up. End the shutdown you created. Pay federal employees. Today, the top 0.1% owns more wealth than the bottom 90%.  

Uncontrolled greed cannot be the driving force behind our economy.  

Our job: demand that all Americans have good paying jobs, health care, quality education, and a healthy environment. Today, the 3 wealthiest Americans own more wealth than the bottom half of our people, and income and wealth inequality is worse now than at any time since the 1920s. This is a moral outrage and bad economics. Not acceptable. There’s no crisis at the border but Trump’s shutdown is creating a crisis: The safety of the nation’s air travel system is at risk, tax refunds might not go out on time, national parks are overflowing with trash and hundreds of thousands of federal employees aren’t getting paid. https://t.co/brVbH5VB0F Things that are national emergencies:
-30 million without health insurance
-15 million children in poverty
-Tens of thousands dying from opioids and gun violence
-Climate change

Things that are not national emergencies:
-Building a border wall to satisfy Fox News Last year, the five largest drug companies in America made nearly $60 billion in profits. The top five pharma CEOs made over $113 million in total compensation in 2017.

Meanwhile, 1 in 5 Americans can’t afford their prescriptions. That should outrage every member of Congress. Air traffic controllers got paychecks for a total of $0 today because of Trump's government shutdown.

This is a crisis!

Mr. Trump, stop holding our federal employees hostage as political pawns. Open the government now. https://t.co/0YvxmsyWwh In the richest country in the history of the world, Americans should not have to live in fear that they will die because they cannot afford the life-saving medication they need. Pharma's greed is killing Americans and that has got to end. (with @BizHealthPol) https://t.co/axL4X5dfPc RT @SSWorks: Today, @SenSanders &amp; @RepRoKhanna introduced the Prescription Drug Price Relief Act, which would drastically lower drug prices… Trump has told the American people several hundred times that Mexico would pay for the wall. That is a lie. If his wall were to be built, Mexico would not pay for it. American taxpayers would. RT @ABC: Sen. Bernie Sanders at union rally protesting government shutdown: "Today we say to this president: Grow up, do your job, end this… RT @ABCPolitics: Sen. Bernie Sanders and co-sponsors introduce three pieces of legislation to reduce drug prices: "The American people are… RT @Public_Citizen: .@SenSanders and others just introduced a slew of bills to lower drug prices and fight Big Pharma’s unimaginable greed.… Why do Americans pay the highest prices for prescription drugs in the world?

Why are there no restrictions on what a drug company can charge?

The answer is simple: other than Wall Street, the pharmaceutical industry is the most powerful political force in the country. RT @PeterWelch: Prescription drug prices are out of control. Today, @SenSanders and I am announcing a package of bills that would drastical… How many people need to die, how many people need to get unnecessarily sicker before Congress is prepared to take on the greed of the prescription drug industry? 

Today, we are introducing legislation to end the pharmaceutical industry’s greed and drastically lower drug prices. https://t.co/qe9qXwylkB RT @SSWorks: At 11:30am ET, @SenSanders &amp; @RepCummings will hold a press conference to introduce three bills that dramatically lower prescr… RT @OversightDems: TODAY: Tune in live at 11:30 AM as Chairman @RepCummings, @SenSanders &amp; Rep.@RoKhanna unveil a legislative package to lo… Instead of trying to bring us together as a people, Trump is trying to divide us up. And, in the process, divert our attention away from the real crises facing the working families of this nation. https://t.co/PzvRPFaPnB It gives me no pleasure to tell you what you already know: Trump lies all of the time and his speech last night was no exception. https://t.co/C1vP8nBdED "Make no mistake, the Trump shutdown is anti-veteran," - This Iraq War Marine Corps veteran @will_c_fischer wants you to know that 31 percent of all federal employees are veterans and Trump is holding many of their paychecks hostage. (With @votevets) https://t.co/dXUFywRyFB There's no crisis at the border. President Trump, you want to talk about crises?
 
-30 million Americans have no health insurance
-Climate change threatens our planet
-Half of older Americans have no retirement savings
-40 million are dealing with outrageous student debt 