John Dingell was a giant of the House. A commanding presence, wonderful colleague and rapier wit — who would tell you if you did not merit 140 characters.

Few people in history have left a more profound impact on the House of Representatives. We will miss you, Mr. Chairman. https://t.co/GBKIH1wiSj The threat of climate change is urgent and existential. But it’s not too late to save our planet.

We need to marshal all our resources and American ingenuity against the devastating effects of climate change.

That’s why I’m proud to support the #GreenNewDeal. Democrats in the House will not be deterred by the @NRA.

That’s why the Judiciary Committee held a hearing today on #HR8, a bill mandating background checks on firearm purchases. Keeping guns from criminals or domestic abusers is common sense.

We've waited long #Enough. I can understand why the idea of meaningful oversight terrifies the President. Several of his close associates are going to jail, others await trial, and criminal investigations continue. 

We’re going to do our job and won’t be distracted or intimidated by threats or attacks. BREAKING: The House Intelligence Committee just voted to release all witness transcripts from our Russia investigation to the Department of Justice and Special Counsel Mueller. Last night, Trump suggested that congressional oversight of his administration will hurt our economy.

That’s false. But corruption will. Rooting out malfeasance is vital to our democracy and prosperity. 

Know what else hurts the economy? 

Ridiculous government shutdowns. Fear. Division. Falsehood.

Not hope. Not unity. Not truth.

That’s what Donald Trump offered the nation tonight during the State of the Union.

America isn’t buying what he’s selling. #SOTU Apparently Trump's Inauguration had nothing to do with Trump.

Nor did his campaign chairman.
Nor his lawyer.
Nor his national security adviser.
Nor his foreign policy adviser.

And given the amount of Executive Time, the presidency doesn't have much to do with him either. https://t.co/jTUaHP2s7c Cabinet officials are confirmed with the advice and consent of the Senate because they are constitutional figures who must be devoted to the country and institutions they serve.
 
They are not Trump's personal staff, beholden to no one but him, or to be discarded like a valet. https://t.co/tQtEIUHuXm Trump did nothing for two years.

And illegal border crossings are way down. Congress considered and rejected a wall. Intel chiefs didn’t even mention the southern border.

That’s as poor a legal case for a national emergency as you can make. Trump will need those 17 new lawyers. The President of the United States just suggested that lying under oath, obstructing justice and witness tampering are only “process crimes.”

That process has a name. It’s called the justice system. And we’re going to fight to protect the rule of law, even if Trump won’t. https://t.co/oPhPTcoAZX I bet @RepJoeKennedy a seafood lunch that the Dodgers would beat the Red Sox in the World Series. 

It...didn’t work out.

Now it’s time for payback.  Once the Rams beat old man Brady in the Super Bowl, that lobstah is mine. https://t.co/Tiv3uVJOND In a country that prizes the very ideals of equality, liberty, and opportunity, it is inexcusable that women continue to be paid less than men. Today House Democrats will reintroduce the Paycheck Fairness Act because we demand equal pay for equal work.
https://t.co/i3FBYCLWgr Joshua Tree, California’s fragile desert, was left open during the shutdown despite reduced staffing. The result? 
 
Vandalism, campfires, illegal off-roading. Protected trees cut down for fire wood. 
 
This damage could last for hundreds of years. https://t.co/ysMmFH05md It is a credit to our intelligence agencies that they continue to provide rigorous and realistic analyses of the threats we face. 

It’s deeply dangerous that the White House isn’t listening. https://t.co/rCKywL0ETK The brave have many admirers,

And the kind, a life filled with family and friends,

The wise understand the frailty of human nature and the breadth of the company they keep,

Only the bully must live alone,
with his cowardice. An Acting Attorney General who refuses to follow the advice of ethics lawyers and recuse himself from an investigation in which he has shown a clear bias is the last person who should speak for the Special Counsel.

While the probe is ongoing, Mueller can speak for himself. https://t.co/7sy10bNcAF Negotiations with the Taliban are a necessary prerequisite to end America’s longest war. But to avoid troop withdrawal followed by government collapse, an agreement must include a mechanism to ensure the truce survives and Afghanistan is never again a base for attacks against us. https://t.co/Hn5SpDxiqP Holocaust Remembrance Day is an opportunity to honor the lives of the millions of Jews and other victims who were murdered, to remember our moral obligation to speak out against hatred in all of its forms and to act when we witness injustice. Never again. As the indictments add up, we have to ask these questions:

Why all of the efforts during the campaign to get Russian help with stolen emails and dirt on Hillary Clinton?

Manafort, Gates, Papadopolous, and Stone...

If there were innocent explanations for this, why all the lies? Donald Trump wanted Russian help to build a lucrative Trump Tower in Moscow.
 
His campaign wanted Russian help in the form of stolen emails and dirt on Hilary Clinton.
 
And the Russians wanted Trump’s help in removing sanctions.

The convergence of interests is hard to ignore. https://t.co/EfL48B3HNB Looking for one good reason why Trump and his campaign’s contacts with Russians are a counterintelligence nightmare? 

How about one hundred? https://t.co/bUG2zpuCbk The U.S. government is finally open again.

RT if you think Congress should pass legislation to prevent future shutdowns. After inflicting enormous suffering on federal employees and those who depend on government services, the President is finally reopening the government with the same deal that was on the table in December.

We need to take action to end “shutdowns” as a tactic, once and for all. Most significant in the Stone indictment is new info that a senior campaign official was “directed” in July 2016 to contact Mr. Stone about additional Wikileaks releases.

This was at same time candidate Trump was publicly calling for Russia’s help in obtaining Clinton’s emails. https://t.co/wtDDmHwyWt Typically a president starts the State of the Union address by saying, “The state of our union is strong.”
 
Does Trump really want to start his off by saying, “The state of our union is...closed.”
 
Reopen the government, Mr. President. Citizens first. Ceremony later. The shutdown’s impact on federal workers is bad enough, but the FBI is also losing counter-terrorism sources and is unable to fund key efforts to target terror suspects, drug traffickers and sexual predators.

Time to reopen the government and stop putting our security at risk. https://t.co/s4oEdLja48 Discrimination is never patriotic. Allowing all who love our country to serve, is. Deeply disturbed the Supreme Court will allow Trump’s ban on transgender troops to take effect.

As the legal battle continues, we’ll redouble our efforts to reverse this backward decision. https://t.co/SbYD8Lngdv As a businessman, Donald Trump repeatedly failed to pay contractors and stiffed others on the bill.

As president, he’s forcing federal employees to work without pay and is doing nothing to reopen the government.

Is anyone surprised? While Trump was pursuing deal worth hundreds of millions in Russia...

He was advocating eliminating sanctions worth billions to Putin.

He was asking Russia to hack Clinton’s emails.

His son was meeting Russian officials to get dirt on Clinton.

And Rudy says it’s no big deal? Congrats to the @RamsNFL on an amazing Super Bowl run! Since they’re playing the Patriots, they are officially America’s team.

Let’s win one more! 

cc @RepJoeKennedy As we celebrate the great life of Martin Luther King, Jr., we challenge ourselves to live up to Dr. King’s example and continue to fight for the principles he held most dear – tolerance, justice, and truth. We must never turn a blind eye to injustice anywhere. https://t.co/1fejzuBTCn Because of Trump, the families of federal workers are in crisis.

His offer – to pause the damage he’s doing to Dreamers and refugees – wasn’t meant to be serious, only to prop up his sagging poll numbers.
 
A real president would end the shutdown and stop this foolishness. https://t.co/0xCn3dmUOU The allegation that the President of the United States may have suborned perjury before our committee in an effort to curtail the investigation and cover up his business dealings with Russia is among the most serious to date. We will do what’s necessary to find out if it’s true. https://t.co/GljBAFqOjh The House JUST voted 362-53 to disapprove of lifting sanctions on companies tied to Russian oligarch Oleg Deripaska.

The sanctions were imposed last year in response to Russian malign action at home and in Ukraine. Nothing since justifies their removal. The collusion evolution, by Rudy Giuliani:

- There was no collusion.

- Even if there was collusion, it‘s not a crime.

- Truth isn’t truth.

- It happened a long time ago.

- I never said there was no collusion.

- I said no collusion...with the President of the United States. Devastated to learn of the loss of life, including U.S. servicemembers, from an ISIS attack in Northern Syria. This is a reminder of the risks our troops face every day, as well as the continuing threat from ISIS. https://t.co/dT82dtEn5p If Trump doesn’t understand that NATO is the most successful security alliance in history, I don’t know what it'll take to convince him.

But Congress won't allow Trump to jeopardize our national security and abandon our allies through unilateral withdrawal from NATO. Not ever. https://t.co/iUhv8TLWPP I used to joke that the best evidence the President is not an asset of the Russians is that his policies have been so pro-Russian that even the Russians would tell him, "slow down, you're being too obvious.”

But the damage done to our security is no joke, and demands an answer. https://t.co/LJWyqbBbad Welcome to the great new Democratic Members of the House Intelligence Committee: @RepValDemings, @CongressmanRaja, @PeterWelch, and @RepSeanMaloney.

I’m looking forward to working with you over the next two years. Call me old fashioned, but America deserves an Attorney General committed to following the advice of ethics lawyers.

Call me naive, but there are attorneys qualified to serve as AG who have not expressed hostility to the Mueller probe.

Call me what you will, but demand better. We need to improve our schools, with smaller classes and better resources. To every teacher on strike today, I am with you.

I support United Teachers Los Angeles in their efforts to reach a comprehensive agreement for the benefit of families, teachers, and above all, our kids. https://t.co/rrT47A8B8t Whatever Barr’s other qualifications, there is no doubt that authoring this memo is why he was nominated. Barr knows it. Trump knows it. The Senate can’t ignore it.

Promising to recuse is the only way to preserve confidence in DOJ and protect Mueller. 
https://t.co/CA2allaAWq AI is making it disturbingly easy to create convincing fake videos, with implications for disinformation, but also harassment. Stories from women who have been targeted with degrading “deep fakes” show just some of the ways this technology can be abused: https://t.co/hu75jh2CHO Under Barr’s reading of the law, an obstruction case Mueller may be pursuing is “asinine.” He says results of Mueller’s report should be made public but nothing about its contents. And he has a view of presidential power that renders all of his promises moot.

Senate must vote no https://t.co/KegGd3cFSe GOP controlled the House and Senate for two years under Trump. If the wall was such an emergency, they could have used reconciliation to pass it with 50 votes in Senate. Why didn’t they?

I guess throwing millions off health care &amp; cutting corporate taxes were higher priorities. Secretary Pompeo disputed his own State Department’s conclusion there is “no credible evidence” showing terrorists trying to enter through Southern border.

I’ve requested unredacted and complete copies of the intelligence assessments. Let’s see who’s telling it straight. https://t.co/dEWlokx1Eu Last year, we sought to obtain the interpreter’s notes or testimony, from the private meeting between Trump and Putin. The Republicans on our committee voted us down. Will they join us now? Shouldn’t we find out whether our president is really putting “America first?” https://t.co/hzgfTRl653 Counterintelligence concerns about those associated with the Trump campaign, including the President himself, have been at the heart of our investigation since the start.

The American people need to know the President is working in our national interest, and for no other end. https://t.co/rzBjQheXP0 Trump’s shutdown is now the longest in U.S. history. Last week, I asked that my salary go unpaid until this ends and federal workers get their checks.

Hundreds of thousands of Americans are suffering. Some can’t pay their mortgage, others can’t buy groceries. This must stop. https://t.co/5Sg0r6rAWc Who could forget? 

At rallies you would yell, “Who’s going to pay for the wall!”

And the crowd would answer, “MEXICO! ... through a renamed trade agreement that makes minor changes to trade policies that Congress will have to approve!”

Get serious. https://t.co/idDNsRI9f9 Troop withdrawal from Syria has already begun, over the objection of our military and despite John Bolton’s statements last week.
 
The Trump Administration's foreign policy is as deeply flawed in its conception as it is dangerously incompetent in its execution. https://t.co/x0zGk6MEJw One hundred days since the murder of #JamalKhashoggi, I will join his friends, colleagues, press freedom advocates, and Members of Congress to honor him and stand with journalists who risk their lives to provide information and promote freedom of thought worldwide. The Trump Admin is using the courts to gut Affordable Care Act protections, including those for 133 million Americans with pre-existing conditions.

Democrats just authorized the House to defend the ACA against a suit trying to undermine the law. We will protect Americans’ care. https://t.co/JOllGXfgpS The federal government owns more than half of the forest land in California. Punishing our residents for how they’re managed is not only wrongheaded and cruel, it’s also absurd.

We will not abandon California families in their time of need. https://t.co/7S9nAVJz2n Throughout history, presidents have used an Oval Office address to bring the country together. Tonight, Trump used it to stoke fear and division.

We need to reopen the government, not charge taxpayers to build a concrete and steel monument to the President’s broken promises. For years, a GOP-led Congress refused to stand up to the NRA and pass universal background checks.

With a new Majority, this bill will now pass the House. If the Senate will not support change, then we must change the Senate. #NeverAgain https://t.co/AfTRgwkMa4 I’ve been on the Intelligence Committee for over 10 years. On terrorism and other threats, I’ve received more briefings from FBI, CIA, and DHS than I could count.

How many times have any of them said we need a wall across the southern border?

Zero. We will empower voters. And how we do it is important:
 
#HR1 will ban voter roll purging, expand automatic voter registration and early voting, end partisan gerrymandering, give public matching funds for small donors and increase disclosure.
 
This will strengthen our democracy. Our democracy is under assault — dark money, corrupt practices, and voter disenfranchisement.

Here’s what Democrats are doing about it with #HR1:

—&gt; Making it easier to vote, not throwing up roadblocks
—&gt; Reforming our campaign finance system
—&gt; Fighting government corruption https://t.co/KgDNmLuM3H If Harry Truman couldn't nationalize the steel industry during wartime, President Trump certainly doesn't have the power to declare a nonexistent emergency and build a multi-billion dollar wall on the border.

That's a complete nonstarter. https://t.co/NamOknGHMo Which of the following is true:

Mexico will pay for the wall

The trade agreement with Mexico will pay for the wall

Thousands of terrorists cross the border each year

Trump can build the wall by declaring a national emergency

Trump makes 15 false statements per day on average Attention Senator McConnell: 

It is time to re-open the government.
 
The House just passed funding bills the Senate already supported. Hundreds of thousands of workers are going without pay.
 
It is time to put country over loyalty to Trump.

It is time to show leadership. Kirk, thanks for sharing Loujain and Fahad’s story with me. Devastating, and it needs to be told. They’ll be in my thoughts, and more than that, we need to put our values front and center in our foreign policy. I’ll be contacting the Saudi Ambassador about her case. https://t.co/Hk75rPnM4T Here's what we did on our first day:
 
✓ Voted to reopen the government.
✓ Swore in most diverse Congress ever.
 
Here's what we're doing next:
 
✓ Protecting healthcare.
✓ Fighting climate change.
✓ Holding Trump accountable.
✓ Tackling corruption. At this critical time in our history I'm grateful for the opportunity to serve as Chairman of the Intelligence Committee. And I'm mindful of the great responsibility that goes with it.

We will do our constitutional duty, and put the rule of law and our nation's security first. https://t.co/BeH7elnsTx For two years, the Republican Majority refused to hold the Trump Administration accountable. That ends today.

We will do our jobs. We will work to raise incomes and help all families succeed. We will protect healthcare. And we will do vital oversight.

Now, let's get to work. Who needs General Mattis when you are such an accomplished student of military history? https://t.co/0Ez4gD98FO Happy New Year! May you and your family enjoy good health and happiness this year. What Trump said then:

Mexico will pay for the wall. I promise.
I am proud to shut down the government for border security.
I will be the one to shut it down.

What he says now:

Taxpayers must pay for the wall.
The Democrats own the shutdown.

Promise made. Promises broken. This is how the House Republican effort to undermine Mueller by “investigating the investigators” ends. Not with a bang, but with a Friday, buried-in-the-holidays whimper, and one foot out the door. https://t.co/oO0Nhkmg5a All government workers in the affected agencies are impacted, Mr. President. 

Both Democrats and Republicans. 

Their car payments, rent and mortgage payments, food and medicine bills do not distinguish by party. 

Your ill-considered shutdown hurts them all. https://t.co/VHHrhd286L For the second time in as many months, a child has died in the custody of border control authorities. Felipe Gómez Alonzo was only 8 years old. We will investigate this tragic death and that of Jakelin Caal Maquin, but the Administration’s cruel border policy needs to end. Now. https://t.co/B7XKEkghUX To all who are celebrating today, wishing you and your family a very merry Christmas. Here’s hoping you have a safe and joyous holiday with your friends and loved ones. I am pleased to announce that our very talented (fill in the blank) will assume the duties of the more talented (fill in the blank) until they are in turned replaced by the still less talented (fill in the blank). He will be great! https://t.co/zRH5fplb1Q Ethics officials recommended Whitaker recuse himself from the Mueller investigation. He refused.
 
Now any decision he makes is tainted. Attorneys must recuse themselves if there's even an appearance of conflict. Anything less jeopardizes public confidence in the rule of law. https://t.co/yuaswyvDVM The President of the United States should not be discussing any criminal case in which he has been implicated with the Acting Attorney General.

This is wrong, unethical and eviscerates post-Watergate policy. Whitaker should not need an ethics opinion to know this is inexcusable. https://t.co/CTRiv4k6Xg Trump said Mexico would pay for the wall. He said it over and over again. He assured voters they would not be stuck with the bill. 

He broke that promise.

When he met with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer, he said he would shut down the government.

Sadly, he’s keeping that one. Old Marines never die, but they do resign after the President ignores their advice, betrays our allies, rewards our enemies, and puts the nation’s security at risk. Turn out the lights when Mattis leaves; we will not see his like again while Trump remains in office. https://t.co/fKUTe5nPIR Absent an iron-clad commitment to recuse himself from the Russia probe and obstruction of justice issue, this memo should disqualify Barr from consideration. Senators must not blind themselves to Trump’s illicit purpose in choosing the acting Attorney General and his replacement. https://t.co/HhVmMBB0JZ This is patently false and dangerously naive. These hostile nations are delighted by the U.S. withdrawal and betrayal of our regional partners.

The rash decision, despite opposition from Mattis and others, means our allies will not trust us and our enemies will not fear us. https://t.co/NJF0Dj7wdk This ethics opinion must be shared with Congress. Now.

DOJ officials must avoid not only actual impropriety but the appearance of impropriety.
 
Given Whitaker’s prejudicial comments about Mueller, the public can have no confidence in him. We will scrutinize his every action. https://t.co/0Jxbn1eJSP After the judge acknowledged the seriousness of Flynn’s conduct, he has allowed Trump’s former National Security Advisor to defer sentencing until after he has fully cooperated with the government.

It will be important that Flynn also cooperate with our Committee and testify. The NY AG found unlawful coordination between the Trump Foundation and Trump campaign.
 
SDNY found Individual 1 directed unlawful coordination of hush money payments.
 
We must continue to investigate whether the campaign’s unlawful coordination extended to the Russians. https://t.co/DgXSkZeU17 This is not who we are. 

https://t.co/1VFpjh4Gvv Russian efforts to manipulate Americans through social media are sophisticated, cynical, effective and very much ongoing. Russia seeks to divide us among racial, ethnic and political fault lines. Every concerned American should read these new reports:
 
https://t.co/W0PJa0R6Ir Today, the President’s current lawyer said this of his last lawyer:

He lies to fit the situation he’s in;

He talked to a dozen reporters and lied and deceived them;

He’s changed his story three or four times;

He’s a serial liar.

What about the guy that hired them both? Trump has sought to draw a red line around his business and make it off limits to investigation. But his business was trying to curry favor with the Kremlin, and we can’t ignore that.

If there is any financial compromise, it would be negligent not to investigate and expose it. https://t.co/PKWgrz7rcy We’re going to do our job and follow the facts wherever they lead. At the end of the day, we need to know that the President of the United States is acting in the national interest and not for another purpose. That’s what the American people expect of us and what we must deliver. https://t.co/fsx51eyeNP Zinke HAS accomplished much:

There’s the Connecticut casino matter

And Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument issue

And suspect land development project in Zinke's hometown of Whitefish

In fact not since Scott Pruitt has anyone done so much...to keep ethics lawyers busy. https://t.co/jhCyRexTLs If the Justice Department finds that a president has engaged in a conspiracy to commit illegal acts to help his campaign AND would escape justice by staying in office beyond the statute of limitations, it should allow indictment even if a trial must await the end of the term. https://t.co/38dEc9TY1c House GOP went to extraordinary lengths to prevent a vote to end U.S. support for a war in Yemen that is causing a humanitarian disaster. Why? Because they knew it would pass.

Democrats will vote to end U.S. support for the war when we are in the Majority, only weeks from now. Michael Cohen made the right decision to cooperate with the Special Counsel’s office. His sentencing today demonstrates that nobody is above the law.

Not the personal lawyer to the President of the United States.

Or the President himself. At least 52 journalists have been murdered in 2018.
 
This year @TIME honors reporters who fought to preserve freedom of thought. Their courage, and ultimate sacrifice, must never be forgotten. 
 
We must support Guardians around the world and our nation's First Amendment. https://t.co/dUhiM6Y2zZ Help wanted: White House Chief of Staff. No experience necessary. Must respond well to infighting, backbiting, dishonesty and dishonor.

Excited by the prospect of an impossible work environment? Enjoy humiliation? Apply now! 

*Background check ... negotiable. The U.S. now joins Saudi Arabia and Russia in a proposal to weaken references to a key scientific report on the severity and dire consequences of global warming.

Nations, like individuals, can be measured by the company they keep. https://t.co/SnwruODf4w There’s a real prospect that when Trump leaves office, he may be indicted and face the possibility of jail time. Were he not President, he may have already been charged.

While ordinary Americans legally supported campaigns, Trump, like Cohen, played by a different set of rules. https://t.co/URoeRT66RY William Barr is qualified, but like Whitaker, his chief appeal to Trump may be his criticism of Mueller and his receptivity to investigating POTUS’s rivals.

Barr must pledge to allow Mueller’s work to continue unimpeded and to allow him to report his findings to the public. Mueller revealed that Cohen provided info related to “core” investigative interests he obtained from contact with Trump Org executives — which could include family members — as well as info on contacts with persons connected to the White House.

No wonder @POTUS has been raging. What Trump is saying: It’s a witch hunt. We will have our own report. Mueller is bad. Comey is worse. Rosenstein is no picnic. Why don’t they go after Hillary and Brennan, anyone but me?

What he means: When Mueller’s report comes, it will be bad.

Why he says it: Meltdown. The recommendation of no jail time for Flynn, apart from its obvious irony for the man who led chants of “lock her up,” reflects both the timeliness and significance of his help. That most of the details are redacted signals he has given far more than we or the President may know Secret business dealings with the Russians. Boasts of millions from the Saudis. Americans deserve to know our President is acting in our interest, not his own financial self-interest, or because he has been compromised. 

Now, with a new majority in the House, we can find out. https://t.co/fqzihxWrv4 Happy Hanukkah to all who are lighting the first candle on the menorah and making the first batch of latkes this evening. From my family to yours, wishing you a wonderful Hanukkah celebration. At the same time candidate Trump publicly urged sanctions relief for Russia, he was privately putting together a business deal in Moscow that required lifting US sanctions. Then President Trump and his confederates misled the country about it, in a way that left him compromised. https://t.co/4qNg86FHGa Today, we mourn the loss of a great and decent man, father, husband and President. George H.W. Bush served in the armed forces, led our intelligence agencies and occupied the highest offices in the land. And he did so with courage, integrity and dedication to the common good. Last year, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov claimed Cohen’s outreach on the Trump Tower Moscow deal received no response. As Cohen’s plea demonstrates, they lied. They helped Trump by providing false corroboration. This is a counterintelligence nightmare. https://t.co/jRBoBQ0DsO To help Trump, Cohen lied to Congress about Trump’s business interests in Russia. The President’s own denials during the campaign were also false or misleading, and underscore the importance of investigating any financial entanglement between Trump and Russia. What Trump says: If Democrats play tough I will declassify “devastating documents.”

What he means: If Democrats do legitimate oversight I will burn sources and allies by selectively declassifying info so my legal team can misrepresent it to the public.

Why he’s doing it: Fear. After trying to tamper with witnesses and getting caught, Manafort should have learned not to mess with Robert Mueller. Apparently he did not. https://t.co/gLVd3gdZss InSight has touched down on Mars! Six minutes of terror doesn’t begin to describe the entry, descent and landing sequence for the newest @NASAJPL mission. The scene in the control room was out of this world! https://t.co/6cjOTBOEuC The President is not being honest with the country about the murder of Khashoggi. Siding with autocrats over his own intel agencies makes him weak, not strong. Allies don’t trust us and enemies don’t fear us.

Is he motivated by family financial interests? Congress must find out. https://t.co/ZrGXayUBzm Try as the Trump Administration might to bury this study on the Friday after Thanksgiving, the effects of climate change can’t be hidden. It will devastate both our planet and our economy.

The U.S. needs to listen to its scientists and lead the effort to reduce global emissions. https://t.co/DZKFHEpdLb Very thankful this Thanksgiving to be spending the day with family, including my 90 year-old father, Ed and cousins, Julia and Karen.

Wishing you and your family a safe and very happy Thanksgiving. https://t.co/66OCrRYnHc When the President:
 
Denigrates the independence of the judiciary,

Attempts to have Justice Dept investigate his rivals,

Calls the press an “enemy of the people”

That’s what attacks on the rule of law look like.

When Congress fights back:

That is what democracy looks like. To those who have said that Trump is committed to the rule of law, and that he would never seek to turn his personal or political animus into criminal prosecution of his opponents:

He is not. And he would.

We must pass legislation to protect Mueller before it’s too late. https://t.co/EoE4kYYCc6 To say “maybe he did and maybe he didn’t,” or that we are incapable of finding out the truth, or that knowing the truth our silence can be bought with arms sales, undermines the Presidency, credibility of our intelligence professionals, and our role as a champion of human rights. https://t.co/MZ3VginOcT Nancy Pelosi recruited me to run for Congress.

Nancy Pelosi has helped me succeed in Congress.

And nobody in Congress fights for our values more effectively.

Nancy Pelosi has my vote for Speaker of the House. https://t.co/5acmMa6ZsD What do these four people have in common? 

Admiral Bill McRaven
Senator John McCain
Gold Star Parents Khizr and Ghazala Kahn

They respect the military. They have courage. They understand sacrifice. They make us proud. Matt Whitaker’s appointment violates the Constitution, the DOJ succession statute and the rules of ethics, since he was appointed for the express purpose of interfering with Mueller's investigation.
 
During Watergate, Republicans defended the rule of law. Will they now? https://t.co/3Zoc4aZjqH Wow, Mr. President, that’s a good one. 

Was that like your answers to Mr. Mueller’s questions, or did you write this one yourself? https://t.co/Yd27sayt7C Waste, fraud and abuse: Don Jr. cost taxpayers nearly $100,000 for a trip to India to sell Trump properties.

If the Trumps are such great business people, can’t they pay for their own marketing junkets? Do taxpayers really need to bear such costs? https://t.co/TnzVtHIBou Under no circumstances should the Administration extradite one U.S. resident to appease Turkey over the murder of another U.S. resident by Saudi Arabia. Nor should it be done to assist in a cover up. U.S. residents should be protected, not bartered. https://t.co/Ve20BHb5jb Last night, Senate Republicans blocked a bill to protect Mueller. This morning, Trump showed again why we need it. 
 
We will do everything in our power to protect the Mueller investigation, the independence of the Department of Justice, and the rule of law. https://t.co/o6soyKDGvg Trump and Whitaker should take note: We will protect the Special Counsel’s investigation and the independence of DOJ.
 
Should Whitaker fail to recuse himself and seek to obstruct the investigation or interfere in any way, he will be called to answer. His actions will be exposed. https://t.co/FexRQ1TX9v It’s my hope that President Trump will decide to work with Democrats and address the challenges facing our country. But his track record of doing so is poor, make that nonexistent. Either way, we need the best legislator and tactician we have for Speaker, and that is @NancyPelosi https://t.co/hVIVeADyna Concern Trump would dispute the 2016 results if he lost was part of the reason why Obama didn’t more forcefully call out Russian meddling. These baseless charges of voter fraud demonstrate that fears Trump would undermine the democratic process for his own gain were well founded. https://t.co/YragwOz2kX Our Committee has lost a family member, and a truly decent and caring man — a husband, a friend, and a dedicated public servant — Damon Nelson. Our hearts and our prayers are with his wife Dana, his family, his colleagues and all of his friends. https://t.co/jpNRZpgW9b It’s not only that nationalism is on the rise around the globe, but also its pernicious twin, authoritarianism. From Poland to Hungary, Brazil to the Philippines, liberal democracy is being challenged everywhere and America must rise to its defense. We must be freedom’s champion. https://t.co/tGrftK7OaZ On Veteran’s Day we honor the men and women who have served our country, and recognize the great debt we owe them that can never be fully repaid. Thank you to all of our veterans, and a very special thank you to my favorite veteran, my father, who served in the Army. https://t.co/y7kpAAS5SS If Whitaker doesn't recuse himself and has any involvement in Mueller's probe, we will expose it, including whether he made any commitments to Trump, is serving as a back channel, or interfering in the probe.

He will be held accountable. There must be no ambiguity about that. https://t.co/ZpNmOynWLi I don’t expect anything better from Trump, but this threat, issued as people are literally fleeing for their lives, cannot go unanswered.

For those of you in the path of the fires or who have lost loved ones or your homes, we will be there for you. Even if our President is not. https://t.co/hqKXIHqpNl The appointment of Whitaker as Acting AG, someone with a history of attacks on Mueller, is a transparent effort to interfere with the impartial administration of justice.

Take notice: We will expose any effort to obstruct justice, and people will be held accountable. https://t.co/1hiIYqMBBk I don’t have the words to describe the horror of a young man who survived the worst mass shooting in American history in Las Vegas to die in yet another mass shooting a year later.

No other country allows this.

We will pass gun violence prevention legislation. https://t.co/dZVUuyeBvN Acting AG Whitaker’s relationship with Sam Clovis, an important witness in the Russia probe, and his past prejudicial comments about the investigation warrant his recusal.
 
Congress must determine whether Whitaker made any promises to Trump about his recusal or impeding Mueller. The mass shooting in Thousand Oaks is horrific, and all too familiar. Once again we are devastated by the loss of life. And we are grateful to the first responders, one of whom lost his life. Our response must not be familiar. We must do something about gun violence. We must ACT. President Trump just removed Jeff Sessions. He wants an Attorney General to serve his interest, not the public.

Mueller's investigation and the independence of the DOJ must be protected. Whitaker and any nominee must commit to doing both.
 
We will protect the rule of law. We have been given a great responsibility. 

We must use it to govern wisely and put forward a positive agenda for the country. We must restore Congress as a co-equal branch of government and do vital oversight. 

That’s a lot to accomplish. So let’s get to work. No matter who you support, don’t take your right to vote for granted. Your voice matters, make sure it’s heard.
 
If you need help finding your polling place or voting, visit https://t.co/OYeJYYPlG2. Less than a week after the most devastating anti-Semitic attack in American history, it was moving to attend Shabbat with members of our community at Temple Sinai Glendale tonight. We must repudiate violence and hatred, and come together to combat anti-Semitism. #ShowUpForShabbat This is what happens when you abdicate leadership of the free world. Not to mention basic decency. https://t.co/r4fKI9GiX8 Sending troops to the border as a political stunt. Promising to amend the constitution by executive order. Stoking bigotry after a mass shooting motivated by bigotry.
 
I said Trump was the worst President in modern history and I was wrong — when I said modern. RT @BarackObama: Speaking of preexisting conditions, open enrollment starts today. If you or someone you know needs health care, visit http… Literally nobody believes this. You held a rally at the White House to celebrate the passage of a bill taking away protections for those with pre-existing conditions. https://t.co/0MgdbCOp9t Update from the swamp: Not drained, but referred to Justice Department for further investigation. https://t.co/ahDXfQwSqt Congratulations @RepJoeKennedy on the Red Sox win. Looks like sushi dinner will be on me. Crustaceans are overrated anyway.
 
To the boys in blue, thank you for an incredible season. You make LA proud, @Dodgers. #LADetermined https://t.co/h2NfNu29im I don’t often quote Fox News, but Shep Smith has it right: A dwindling group of refugees and migrants a thousand miles away is not a crisis. We have laws to deal with it.

Hyping this threat has nothing to do with national security — it’s only the worst kind of political stunt. https://t.co/zhzQJUUIeM Just days after a gunman murdered 11 Jews worshiping in synagogue explicitly because he believed anti-Semitic conspiracy theories about refugees, the President is once again fanning the flames of fear and hatred. It’s all he knows how to do.

He cannot be better so it’s up to us. https://t.co/FcIg3YhbAf The gunman is responsible for mass murder. He alone pulls the trigger.

But we create the atmosphere in which the gunman acts, and no one sets the tone more than @POTUS. It’s not enough to say the right words now if he preaches hatred and division every other day of the year. https://t.co/OZbptr37Z0 It’s not too soon to say I’m horrified those worshipping at a synagogue were targeted and murdered. It’s not too soon to say we’re grateful for the first responders who risked their lives. And it’s not too soon to say that it’s in our power to take action against gun violence. You say there are good people on both sides of a neo-Nazi rally.

Suggest that immigrants are all murders, rapists and gang members.

Praise a politician who assaulted a reporter.

And it’s CNN’s fault someone sent them a bomb?

We know you have no decency, but have you no shame? https://t.co/GVMiB9OIGI Mail bombs. Death threats. Political shootings. The proliferation of violence has many causes, but we cannot discount the effect of hate-filled speech and the bile-filled pollution of our civil discourse. There is a hunger for a return to decency. And a profound need. Yes, I was being sarcastic, but if my previous tweet was too convoluted let me be crystal clear:

These are but a few of the most egregious lies being told about those fleeing violence and risking everything to seek a better life. Trump merely seeks to exploit their desperation. https://t.co/hQhrjIdMYz Ok, @RepJoeKennedy it’s on. It’s Bean Town vs LA LA Land. If the Sox prevail, sushi is on me. If the Dodgers win, lobster is on you.

It’s been 30 years since the Dodgers last won, but the drought is over. Get the pot boiling because it’s going to lobstahs galore! #WorldSeries In Helsinki, Trump questioned Russia’s interference in 2016. Now, in Moscow, days after a Russian was indicted for TRYING TO INTERFERE IN THE MIDTERMS, John Bolton says their prior interference made little difference.

The surrender tour continues, full steam ahead. https://t.co/BPFDW6d4BN Social conservatives hope to advance their agenda by redefining transgender people out of existence, and they are using the power of the state to do so.

It is immoral, anti-scientific and doomed to fail. People are who they are, and no administrative edict can change that. https://t.co/gvVNHC59Bd The extrajudicial and extraterritorial murder of a journalist is something we would expect of the Kremlin, not an ally.

Jamal Khashoggi’s death must cause us to re-examine our relationship with Saudi Arabia, and that should begin with the suspension of military aid in Yemen. https://t.co/hNQONEMZ84 The claim that Khashoggi was killed while brawling with 15 men dispatched from Saudi Arabia is not at all credible. If he was fighting with those sent to capture or kill him, it was for his life.

The Kingdom must be held to account. If Administration doesn’t lead, Congress must. The Russian efforts to interfere in our political affairs did not end in 2016, they didn’t even pause. Today's indictment shows that Russian disinformation efforts are ongoing and sophisticated, and they are intent on dividing us and weakening our society and political system. https://t.co/8wsoUBOGXq RT @RepJoeKennedy: This is you and all your friends laughing hysterically about gutting preexisting conditions a year ago. You thought we f… Fitting and tragic that Jamal Khashoggi’s final column calls attention to the threats to the freedom of the press in the Arab world, and how international silence emboldens regimes to imprison journalists, or worse.

His words have been proven horribly prescient. https://t.co/FaYeNAgX9Z America doesn’t need or want its President to be test marketing Saudi fictions, like “rogue killers,” or searching for a “mutually agreeable explanation” for the premeditated murder of a journalist critical of the Saudi government. We want the truth and we demand accountability. https://t.co/WdCRewTV3y .@Twitter taking an important step towards transparency, making a set of data on Russian and Iranian influence operations available to the public and researchers.

The best antidote to these attacks is exposure, and we need the active cooperation of all technology platforms. https://t.co/opLqW9Xnem Republicans promised their tax cuts for millionaires and big businesses would pay for themselves.

They knew that wasn't true and didn’t care.

So now they say we must cut Medicare and Social Security.

Not a chance. We’re not stiffing seniors to pay for their tax giveaway. Trump says he has no interests in Saudi or Russia. But they have interests in him:

Don Jr in 2008: “Russians make up a pretty disproportionate cross-section of a lot of our assets.”

Trump in 2015: “Saudi Arabia —they buy apartments from me. They spend $40 million, $50 million.” https://t.co/F7DygOvi9L King Salman denies it.

Vladimir Putin denies it.

Roy Moore denies it.

Brett Kavanaugh denies it.

In the President’s world, the truth doesn’t matter. Admission is weakness. Denial is everything. The more vehement the better. But don’t ask Trump.

He denies it. https://t.co/bBjYduvggI Our democracy is broken, and President Trump is only one reason. Congress is the other. It has failed to serve as a co-equal branch of government, and to play its essential role as a check and balance.

With a Democratic majority that will change. I explained how in a new op-ed: https://t.co/IZY4zdFm8j Emoluments for dummies:

Candidate Trump: “Saudi Arabia, I get along with all of them. They buy apartments from me. They spend $40 million, $50 million ...
I like them very much.”

President Trump on Saudis suspected murder of Khashoggi: “We’re going to have to see.”

U.S. v $ https://t.co/HA9NRwHw0n At the highest levels of the Saudi government, Jamal Khashoggi was considered an “enemy of the people.”

At the highest levels of our government, a hostility to the press and solicitude towards autocrats puts all journalists at risk.

Along with America’s standing in the world. As Hurricane Michael moves inland, our thoughts are with all who have been affected by this historic storm and those who are in its path. We give our thanks to the first responders working to keep others safe. Senior Trump campaign staff met with a foreign company about creating fake social media accounts and gathering intel on his opponents. 

Isn’t it interesting that those are the same services the Russians provided for free? https://t.co/AiJq7U9EFY We can’t predict earthquakes, not yet, but we can give some advance notice. ShakeAlert sends a signal to transit systems, hospitals and first responders that a quake is imminent.

Soon, we hope it will send an alert to your phone too. Joined BART today to see the pilot in action. https://t.co/U7OyzXjhwm Jamal Khashoggi, a Saudi journalist and dissident, was called to the Saudi embassy in Istanbul on Tuesday, and has not been seen or heard from since. Tragically, he is now feared dead.

We must demand immediate answers from the Saudi government. You attack prosecutors at DOJ.

Fire your FBI Director and threaten your own Attorney General.

Call an investigation that has led to the conviction of five of your associates a “witch hunt.” Repeatedly.

And now you claim to believe in the rule of law.

Nobody buys it. https://t.co/x7c5dxapNZ Thank you, Dr. Ford, for your courage. Your testimony did not change the outcome — these GOP Senators were not interested in the truth — but it did change the country. You have inspired millions of Americans, women and men.

We will not forget your bravery.

Or their cowardice. No, Mr. President, these woman are not paid professionals. Nor are the Sandy Hook parents or David Hogg or the millions of Americans fighting for decency and morality. Your dog whistles won’t change that. https://t.co/C2N1x4W5xZ How to do an investigation without really trying:

1.) Set artificial deadline
2.) Dictate which witnesses can be interviewed
3.) Decline to follow new leads
4.) Purposefully exclude main witnesses
5.) Declare vindication

White House made sure the fix was in from the beginning. Russia continues to threaten the U.S. and our allies through sophisticated cyber-attacks, disinformation campaigns — even the use of chemical weapons.

Instead of confronting Russia, Trump embraces it.

What will it take for Trump to see the threat clearly and act appropriately? https://t.co/vzZKj8LCNJ For two years, we’ve seen how the flaw of this deeply unethical man in the Oval Office has infected the whole of government. But watching the audience laugh at Trump’s ridicule of a sexual assault survivor, we see the damage runs much deeper, and debases our public discourse. The Trump Administration’s new policy to deny visas to same-sex domestic partners of foreign diplomats and UN employees is a repugnant attack on LGBT diplomats and their families – many of whom cannot marry because it is not legal in their home country. https://t.co/NT50kzjL3T Trump just mocked Dr. Ford, a victim of sexual assault. This shouldn’t surprise us — he’s mocked Gold Star parents, the disabled, and prisoners of war. But it should disgust us all the same. https://t.co/9YunYJYo4W President Trump is the only modern presidential candidate to refuse to release their tax returns, reneging on a promise to do so. The revelations in the New York Times only heighten the need for the public to see his tax returns and understand his family’s financial dealings. https://t.co/Oan95VWGpS A year ago, a gunman opened fire on a crowd in Las Vegas, killing 58 people and injuring 851. And yet, one year later and you can still go online and buy a “bump stock,” the device he used to fire 1100 bullets in the span of a few minutes.

Had enough of this do-nothing Congress? https://t.co/wwe5FOfKAL Not content with insisting the FBI conclude a difficult investigation within a week, the White House is now apparently telling the FBI who they can and cannot talk to.

This is not how you conduct an investigation. But it is how you do a whitewash. https://t.co/v2yjNpON3z We need to protect Mueller’s investigation now, not when a constitutional crisis comes.

Wake up, my Republican colleagues. Stand up to this President. Defend our democracy and the rule of law. Do your duty. https://t.co/2YxDFaymWZ House Intel GOP stonewalled the release of witness interviews until the last day. And hiding behind closed doors, they rejected the disclosure of key testimony by Brennan, Comey, Rogers and Rohrabacher. And they won’t let Mueller see the evidence.
 
They call this “transparency.” Dr. Christine Blasey Ford deserves our respect.

I am inspired by her courage.

She is one woman, but her words carry the weight of millions who have faced sexual assault.

I believe her. Trump’s congressional allies have been trying for months to bully Rod Rosenstein into resigning, and the current crisis is just the latest pretext. 

Here’s why his forced resignation would be dangerous to Mueller’s investigation: https://t.co/D6yYro3HUJ There’s an old saying in Washington: Show me your budget, and you show me what you value.
 
Well the Trump Administration is taking money from cancer research and Head Start programs to pay to detain immigrant kids.
 
What kind of values are these?https://t.co/GIpxtNtlor The President’s defense team is rooting for him to fire Rosenstein, saying it should mean a “time out” in the Mueller investigation.

@SpeakerRyan and @SenateMajLdr, it’s time for a vote on legislation to protect Mueller and the rule of law. No more hiding. No more excuses. https://t.co/MeE1PEJYa7 Under no circumstances should Rod Rosenstein resign. This would place the Mueller investigation in even greater jeopardy. Rosenstein should continue to do his job, protect the independence of the DOJ, and if the President intends to obstruct justice, force Trump to fire him. If the Special Counsel finds that President Trump has obstructed justice, the firing of James Comey will be Exhibit A.

Exhibit B would be any action against Rod Rosenstein.

Show some devotion to country, Republican colleagues. Avert a constitutional crisis and say something. 17 years ago, Congress passed an authorization for use of military force against those who conducted the 9/11 attacks and successive administrations have relied on it ever since.

The AUMF is now nearly as old as some of our troops. Isn’t it time we revised or repealed it? Trump today acknowledged U.S. allies have urged him not to release highly sensitive material, but left open the possibility that he will do so anyway to undermine the Mueller investigation.

How sad it falls to our allies to talk the President out of damaging national security. Republicans held Justice Scalia’s seat open for more than 400 days. Justice Kennedy’s seat has been vacant for less than two months. It's more important to investigate a serious allegation of sexual assault than to rush Kavanaugh onto the Supreme Court for a lifetime appointment. Wishing all those observing Yom Kippur an easy fast. Gmar Chatima Tova. America has been a beacon of hope for those fleeing religious persecution, war, and violence. Facing the worst global refugee crisis of the postwar period, the Admin is closing the door. Trump would have us become a fearful nation, yearning to wall itself off from the world. https://t.co/kLTbNjaOIm President Trump has intervened again in a pending investigation by ordering the selective disclosure of classified materials he believes to be helpful to his defense. The DOJ and FBI have previously informed me that release of some of this information would cross a “red line.” In the face of a credible claim of sexual assault, corroborated by a therapist’s notes, the Senate must stop the rush to confirm Kavanaugh and look into this serious allegation. To elevate him to a lifetime appointment without doing so would be reckless and unconscionable. https://t.co/mWKjdvUEV9 Nunes promised to release all the witness interviews, then reneged. We hope this time he will follow through.The American people deserve to see what the witnesses said, the many questions they would not answer, and the how often the Majority — to protect Trump — let them refuse. https://t.co/KcVgRhS9By Any move by Trump to pardon Paul Manafort, or dangle a pardon, would be a further act of obstruction of justice. When he was running, Trump said he was going to drain the swamp, but the only person who’s draining the swamp is Mueller. Trump is threatening to pardon the swamp. https://t.co/iAhols6Qsj 