The Louisiana law is nearly identical to the Texas law struck down by the court as unconstitutional in 2016, and Kavanaugh’s willingness to let it proceed demonstrates his views on Roe v. Wade and women’s reproductive freedoms, despite what he testified to in the Senate. While I’m pleased the Supreme Court agreed to temporarily block a Louisiana abortion law, it’s troubling, but not surprising, that Kavanaugh wrote a separate dissent arguing the court should disregard long-standing precedent, despite his assurances that he'd respect precedent. Glad to join @SenKamalaHarris to reintroduce a bill strengthening labor protections for farmworkers. These workers feed America and we have a responsibility to ensure they’re paid fairly for their labor. https://t.co/ss4pLJaNB3 Minority borrowers disproportionately receive riskier, more expensive loans when purchasing a home. Last year, Congress erased measures to prevent this discrimination. Our bill will restore those measures and ensure all borrowers are treated fairly. https://t.co/bFDFzYUPca The country lost an amazing man with the passing of John Dingell, and my thoughts are with his wife Debbie. From his service in World War II to nearly 60 years in the House of Representatives, John was a real patriot and loved his country. He’ll be missed. That’s why I’ve re-introduced the Keep Families Together Act. This bill would prohibit family separation and protect the rights of both parents and children. Basic, humane protections should not be controversial. I hope all senators, Democrat and Republican alike, will join me. I’m glad to see the House hold hearings on family separation on our southern border today. Keeping families together should not be a partisan issue. Tearing children away from their parents is simply un-American. The Trump administration is maintaining that it can’t find and won’t reunify many children who were torn from their parents last year. Worse, these separations continue today despite a court order to end them. This is unconscionable, and we must act. https://t.co/0xT3kuljki Barr would not commit to releasing the Mueller report and protecting all the Trump-related investigations. The American people deserve an attorney general who will be independent, uphold the Constitution, and represent the people not the president. William Barr’s refusal to commit to releasing the Mueller report is deeply concerning as well as his refusal to protect ALL the investigations impacting Trump’s interest. Barr would not even separate himself from President Trump’s threats to nullify constitutional guarantees of citizenship to anyone born on U.S. soil. The American people deserve an attorney general who is committed to the constitution, not the president. https://t.co/tisARPeP9i Barr would not say Roe v. Wade was correctly decided. He would not say that waterboarding is torture. He would not affirm that the constitution ensures citizenship to children born in the United States. Republicans are holding a #MonsterMarkup to push through more than 40 judges along with attorney general nominee William Barr. Many of these nominees have little or no experience as judges and several are opposed by home-state senators. The lack of blue slips from home state senators for nominees included in this #MonsterMarkup is inexcusable. Republicans demanded they approve of every nominee and used blue slips to block nominees since the tradition began. Until the Trump administration, the only time a nominee was confirmed without two blue slips was when the chair moved a nominee over the objections of his OWN party, not the minority party. #MonsterMarkup Republicans are not representing the history of the blue slip tradition accurately. Before they took control in 2017, no nominee had been confirmed without a blue slip in ~30 years. #MonsterMarkup William Barr's expansive views of presidential power, including that sitting presidents cannot be indicted, combined with his refusal to commit to make the Mueller report public make it clear why he’s not the right person to lead the Justice Dept. WATCH NOW: The Senate Judiciary Committee is holding a markup to vote on the nomination of William Barr to be attorney general, along with dozens of federal judges. https://t.co/DLQlwSqA6H Happy National Girls &amp; Women in Sports Day! All women should feel empowered playing sports, but even today, women have fewer opportunities than men. That’s why I’ll never stop advocating for Title IX and why I was proud to pass a bill protecting young athletes from sexual abuse. The science couldn’t be clearer. The last five years are the hottest on record and ushered in record wildfires, frequent hurricanes and devastating floods. We can’t continue to debate what is a clear conclusion. The Earth is warming and our fossil fuel dependency is the cause. https://t.co/tsSBm6rliD The lands package includes our desert bill that will ensure the California desert is preserved for generations to come. It protects 375,000 acres of wilderness, establishes 6 permanent off-highway vehicle areas and adds 42,0000 acres to Joshua Tree &amp; Death Valley National Parks. The Senate is now debating a bipartisan public lands package. We were able to include some important California priorities that will hopefully pass the Senate and House soon. Glad to see the House Judiciary Committee hold a hearing on gun violence. This is a public health crisis and we need to act. The Senate Judiciary Committee should hold our own hearings and pass commonsense gun reform like red flag laws and an assault weapons ban. A huge cavity has formed under the Thwaites Glacier in Antarctica. If it collapses, sea levels could rise by another two feet in a matter of decades! This is just one glacier. We must cut carbon emissions quickly by investing in cleaner energy sources. https://t.co/RXTyQseFhx As if forcing them to go without pay wasn’t enough, President Trump imposed a pay freeze for civil servants while his shutdown went on. Proud to join my colleagues on a bill to give federal employees a 2.6% raise to help ensure they’re paid a fair wage for their service. https://t.co/N0WCc0AEuY If Neomi Rao hears a case involving an issue she worked on in the Trump administration she should recuse. Greg Katsas made this pledge just two years ago, but Rao refused. https://t.co/yqvNnIAByf It was wonderful seeing Maria, who obtained a visa to return to work and reunite with her beautiful family after being deported last year. Maria’s presence at the #SOTU reminds us that we should not prioritize hardworking people like her for deportation. https://t.co/JBcvrIUh29 BREAKING: New GAO report shows President Trump spends tens of millions of dollars to travel to Mar-a-Lago at taxpayer expense – including government funds paid directly to his own business. Trump’s first 4 trips cost $13.6 million, including $60,000 paid directly to Mar-a-Lago. https://t.co/QgYrMr8myb Neomi Rao has led the Trump administration’s efforts to abolish regulations protecting consumers, the environment and students. This is particularly concerning to me because one of those regulations is based on landmark legislation I authored to increase fuel economy standards. More than 20 years ago, we introduced the Breast Cancer Research Stamp as first class postage sold by @USPS. It has now raised $88 million for breast cancer research efforts. Show your support and help fund the search for a cure. https://t.co/LntwN1pD0R The scourge of gun violence isn’t only affecting our communities but the law enforcement officers who put their lives on the line to protect us. Senate Republicans must stop obstructing commonsense gun reform and let us pass expanded background checks and an assault weapons ban. https://t.co/RdmGZwkUt6 Happy Lunar New Year to all those celebrating in California and across the country. I hope the #YearOfThePig is a prosperous and peaceful one for everyone! Happy birthday to #RosaParks. Her life inspired generations of Americans to fight for equality. On what would have been her 106th birthday, let’s remember the incredible legacy she left the world by doing what she knew was right in the face of incredible discrimination. Our bill would bar the transfer of any funding from other programs to the construction, land acquisition or other activities related to President Trump’s border wall following any potential emergency declaration, unless Congress specifically authorized it. https://t.co/6bR6jOa3FP The Constitution gives Congress, not the president, the power of the purse. Congress dedicated funds for flood protection and military construction projects. That’s how those funds should be spent, not diverted by President Trump for his wasteful, unworkable border wall. President Trump has repeatedly threatened to declare a national emergency to bypass Congress and finance construction of his border wall. The funds most at risk of being misdirected to build the wall are Army Corps flood protection funds and military construction funding. San Diego secured its 100th restraining order to keep firearms out of the hands of dangerous people. California shows that red-flag laws work. They are lawful, constitutional and keep us all safer. I'll be introducing legislation on this issue soon. https://t.co/Z5yVf9FjgX I couldn’t be prouder of the #LARams tonight. This team has come so far in a such a short period of time. I can’t wait to see what next season brings. #RamsHouse Good luck to the #LARams today! Congratulations on an impressive season, now let’s finish the job! #SBLIII #RamsHouse Yesterday, Customs and Border Protection announced its largest-ever fentanyl bust. A wall didn’t stop these deadly drugs, skilled agents and technology at a legal port of entry did. 
https://t.co/rLFWtBpffC Let’s kick off #BlackHistoryMonth by remembering the generations of black Americans who courageously pursued the cause of equality. There’s work yet to do, but I know the leaders of this generation will continue the march forward. Education Secretary DeVos is trying to gut protections for sexual assault survivors with a Title IX rule change. Students, survivors, advocates and colleges have all come out against this rule, and my colleagues and I proudly join them in voicing our opposition. #HandsOffIX https://t.co/5xrSITrv0F The North American Development Bank funds infrastructure projects along the U.S.-Mexico border that improve air &amp; water quality. It’s a vital part of our effort to stop untreated sewage from flowing into the U.S. &amp; our bill will fund more of these projects in border communities. https://t.co/baJLI19z3U BREAKING: FEMA has extended the deadline for residents in Butte, Los Angeles and Ventura counties who suffered damages from the Camp, Hill or Woolsey fires to apply for disaster assistance. The new deadline is February 15. More info can be found here. https://t.co/eNYIs6G5oX Chairman Graham said he wants to protect senators’ role in nominations. The best way to do that is the blue-slip tradition. When a Democrat was president, Republicans strongly defended blue slips &amp; Democrats honored them. That shouldn’t change because a Republican is president. https://t.co/qfuK55U9OC .@SenKamalaHarris and I even identified candidates selected by the White House we could support to demonstrate our willingness to work cooperatively. Unfortunately, the White House is moving forward with three nominees to a circuit court who have no judicial experience. I am deeply disappointed that the White House has chosen to re-nominate Daniel Collins and Kenneth Lee to the Ninth Circuit. We made clear our opposition to these individuals and told the White House we wanted to work together to come to consensus on a new package of nominees. I had the good fortune of meeting with the Illumination Foundation to discuss the work they’re doing in California to provide beds for the homeless. Over the last 10 years they’ve provided nearly 1 million nights of shelter to some of our state’s most vulnerable. https://t.co/5ThxmaFzh4 Great to meet today with Speaker Rendon and senior members of the California Assembly. I look forward to continuing our work together on California priorities like wildfire prevention, water, and lowering the cost of health care and expanding coverage. https://t.co/rLdnt5N0KI New study shows the rate of child deaths from firearms has doubled in the last decade. We need to do more to stop this crisis. https://t.co/D4rGUI5Fwe Democrats remain concerned about whether Bill Barr would allow Congress and the American people to view any report submitted by Special Counsel Mueller in its entirety. The American people deserve to know what Special Counsel Mueller has found. My remarks: https://t.co/t4LHudUfRA The #LillyLedbetterFairPayAct was a landmark bill in the fight against gender discrimination. 10 years later, the pay gap persists. On average, women make just 80 cents for every $1 a white man makes. Let’s pass the #PaycheckFairnessAct and make equal pay for equal work reality! New research showing how the long-term effects of gun violence take a toll on victims and our health care system. It’s clear that gun violence is a national health crisis. The only question is how long Republicans will wait to help us prevent it. https://t.co/umObfhRK0D The government shutdown cost the American economy more than $3 billion. We need to use the next three weeks wisely and make sure we don’t bring further harm to federal workers or our economy.  https://t.co/s8Ozl55SNd Congress passed our bill to pay back 800,000 federal workers for the two paychecks they missed during President Trump’s shutdown. Now we’re working to ensure they receive that back pay immediately. Federal workers shouldn’t suffer any longer for the president’s shutdown. https://t.co/wWYftMbJr3 Today #WeRemember the victims of the Holocaust. Spend this Holocaust Remembrance Day listening to Jewish survivors tell their stories and committing to stand against hate. https://t.co/DXdK70yuh8 Now that the shutdown is over, federal employees will get back pay but unfortunately it’s not guaranteed for federal contractors, many of whom live paycheck to paycheck. That’s not right. We’re fighting to ensure they get their paychecks too. https://t.co/M1biMfMaxy But we can’t keep governing week-to-week. The chaos and harm inflicted by this shutdown will have lasting effects – we can’t afford another one. We’ve been asking for the government to be opened and negotiations to proceed over border security and immigration reform. Today, the president and Senate Republicans have agreed to do just that, and I look forward to rolling up our sleeves and reaching a long-term agreement. BREAKING: President Trump has agreed to end his shutdown and let 800,000 federal employees and contractors go back to work and receive their paychecks. Federal workers have now missed two paychecks due to the president’s shutdown. With no end in sight, many will need to start paying out-of-pocket for the full cost of their vision and dental insurance after they miss a third paycheck. It’s long past time we end this shutdown. https://t.co/3P7Grkbnms Roger Stone is the latest individual in President Trump’s circle to be charged with obstruction of justice &amp; lying about the campaign’s connections to Russia and Russian interference in the 2016 election. It’s time for the president &amp; his top aides to be truthful with the public. https://t.co/sPP1iuGps4 Yet another sign that climate change is real and demands action. The last four years have been the hottest ON RECORD and are now the “new normal.” With the record breaking wildfires, hurricanes and flooding we saw in 2018, that should concern us all. https://t.co/E1WXoR8XPG It was a pleasure meeting with @LondonBreed today to discuss the challenges San Francisco is facing with homelessness. I look forward to working with you to meet this problem head on and get San Franciscans the help they need. https://t.co/KJtBhAtesu Customs and Border Protection must explain why two young children died in their custody and how they plan to prevent similar deaths in the future. Too many questions remain about CBP procedures for the care of detained children. An unbiased, external investigation is necessary. https://t.co/IoDoRqSpMt RT @SenFeinstein: Californians have been writing to me about the difficulties they’re facing because of President Trump’s shutdown. Keep se… Reports that Saudi Arabia is paying child soldiers to fight in Yemen and that the United Arab Emirates is arming al Qaeda-linked militants are deeply troubling. If true, these are but the latest reasons why the U.S. should cease all involvement in the Saudi-led war in Yemen. https://t.co/XXRigClwfv A top Trump official today said he doesn’t know why federal workers who are going unpaid must rely on food banks. That lack of understanding is a BIG problem. I’ve heard so many stories from Californians about their difficulties. We must end this shutdown. https://t.co/Sumh6XjzBA 800,000 federal employees and contractors are about to miss another paycheck because of the president’s shutdown. I plan to vote yes on Thursday on the House Democratic plan to reopen the government. It’s a good first step toward finally solving this impasse. https://t.co/S6h07NHxnx Federal employees, their families and their communities shouldn’t be used as pawns. We can’t continue to ask federal workers to be furloughed or work without pay every time the president doesn’t get his way. This cannot become an acceptable precedent. https://t.co/sUEAXZ8Jfe I’m hearing from more and more Californians about the hardships they’re facing. Vital services are being denied and critical work is left undone as thousands of families worry about how they’ll make ends meet. It’s time for this shutdown to end. https://t.co/MgsMd5Ec1E I remember what it was like before #RoevWade . I know the lengths women took so they could make their own decisions regarding their health and their destiny. I know all too well just how dangerous it was before Roe. We can't go back to those days. Government shutdowns should never be used as a negotiating tool. Their effects are too harmful, as we’re seeing with the 800,000 federal employees and contractors who are about to miss another paycheck. https://t.co/6CDpGw37FO Allowing transgender individuals to serve has no negative effect on the military’s mission readiness. Our military is stronger when all Americans are allowed to serve openly and proudly. The Supreme Court should respect the rights of those willing to bravely serve our country. #RoevWade is the foundation of our personal liberty and privacy rights. More than guaranteeing women the right to make their own health care decisions, the principles enshrined in Roe guarantee all Americans the ability to be in relationships with and marry who they love. #Roe46 Federal employees shouldn’t be used as pawns. We can’t continue to ask federal workers to be furloughed or work without pay every time the president doesn’t get his way. That’s why I plan to vote yes on the House Democratic plan to reopen the government. https://t.co/wqc9oszx77 The White House and Senate Republicans are trying AGAIN to repeal humanitarian and due process protections for unaccompanied immigrant children. Read my @PostOpinions op-ed on why I wrote the law creating these protections. https://t.co/uCye5zLUZB Congratulations to the #LARams on locking down a trip to the Super Bowl! Looking forward to facing the @Patriots in two weeks. Yet another matchup with @SenKamalaHarris against Massachusetts Senators @SenWarren and @SenMarkey! Good luck! #SBLIII In 1994, Congress established #MLKDay as a national day of service to honor Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.’s lifelong dedication to equality for all. Find a volunteer opportunity near you and help keep Dr. King’s legacy alive. https://t.co/lfzgyZzb0M If you’re affected by the shutdown, I want to hear your story. You can submit them on my website: https://t.co/oocr5hNRty #ShutdownStories I’m proud to once again cosponsor legislation raising the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour. This is a commonsense idea to raise the standard of living for millions of hardworking Americans. We must #RaiseTheWage. https://t.co/HmHJgfeezL Californians have been writing to me about the difficulties they’re facing because of President Trump’s shutdown. Keep sending me your stories. You can submit them on my website here: https://t.co/oocr5hNRty #ShutdownStories President Trump’s wall does not address the real challenges we face securing our border. On top of the fact that illegal crossings are at record lows, the use of border tunnels show how easily a physical wall can be circumvented.
https://t.co/JpZTFN9GSh The Mueller investigation and congressional oversight must be allowed to run without interference. I again call on my Republican colleagues to join in a bipartisan effort to get the facts to the American people. https://t.co/Y7C71qIYGB We’ve known about attempts to develop Trump Tower Moscow and the misrepresentations surrounding those efforts. Now, reports say President Trump directed Michael Cohen to lie to Congress about that deal. If true, the president committed a crime and must be held accountable. President Trump’s shutdown is hurting American families and our economy. Californians have written in to my office with heart wrenching stories of the difficulties they face daily. There’s no need to keep harming Americans. It’s time to end this shutdown. #ShutdownStories https://t.co/Hpg7keCASa I’ve received many heartbreaking letters from Californians struggling as a result of the president’s shutdown. I’ll be sharing some on my account in the coming days. If you’d like to tell your story, submit it here: https://t.co/oocr5hwgC0 #ShutdownStories Based off projections from President Trump’s own experts, our economy is losing nearly $1 billion in lost output every hour this shutdown continues. We need to end this shutdown before it does irreparable harm to small businesses and the economy as a whole. https://t.co/EpceWWPwHt More than 800,000 furloughed federal workers are struggling to pay their bills, but rather than reopen the government, Senate Republican leaders are instead prioritizing legislation to attack women’s health. It’s unacceptable. Farmers throughout California struggle mightily to find workers, and we all know that backbreaking farm labor is performed largely by undocumented immigrants. Today @RepZoeLofgren and I introduced legislation to provide undocumented farmworkers a path to citizenship. I’m glad our bill guaranteeing federal employees back pay once the shutdown ends has been signed into law, but we can’t forget about the federal contract workers who are also going without pay due to the president's shutdown. We have a bill for their pay too. Now, let’s pass it. https://t.co/yqLCkCtqJ6 Congratulations to the @SFGMC on acquiring a permanent home and for establishing a national #LGBT Center for the Arts! It has been incredible to see you grow over the past 40 years. I can't wait to see what you do next. #SFGMC The administration’s own National Climate Assessment found that the amount of land burned in wildfires over the past 30 years is double what it would have been if our climate weren’t changing. https://t.co/996kh6eEt7 It’s troubling that acting EPA Administrator Andrew Wheeler testified before the Senate that forest management, not climate change, was the biggest cause of California’s recent wildfires. It’s downright dangerous for this administration to continue to ignore climate change. NEW: A report by the HHS inspector general finds the total number of immigrant children separated from their families by DHS remains UNKNOWN and that thousands more children may have been separated. Trump’s policy of tearing families apart must end. https://t.co/HT32r07o8w Horrible attack in Nairobi perpetrated by Al-Shabab. I’m saddened to hear an American, Jason Spindler, lost his life. A former Peace Corps volunteer, he devoted his life to international development, most recently with San Francisco based I-DEV. My thoughts to his family. I’m disappointed Republicans voted to let President Trump lift sanctions on Oleg Deripaska, who claims to represent the Russian state &amp; whose role in Russian interference in the 2016 election is unclear. Sanctions must not be lifted until Mueller releases a report &amp; we know more. Heartbroken to hear of an ISIS attack in Syria that killed four Americans. A painful reminder of the sacrifices U.S. personnel continue to make in defense of our country. My condolences to their families in this difficult time. https://t.co/rTrdf7l0Nz If you’re a federal worker in California affected by Trump’s shutdown, the California Credit Union League’s list of resources may be helpful. Many credit unions are offering assistance to members. https://t.co/y0yhqKgWZc Important ruling yesterday on legality of census citizenship question. The question is clearly intended to suppress participation of immigrant communities. The census is vital for determining funding &amp; congressional representation. It must not be politicized. https://t.co/cDCrDkbCuo The FDA plays a crucial role in ensuring our food is safe to eat, but due to President Trump’s shutdown, crucial food inspections are not being done. This is a serious risk to consumer health and safety and underscores why this shutdown must end. https://t.co/D4qOidnNQo On what would be his 90th birthday, we remember Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and his work to advance equality and end poverty in America. We’re forever indebted to him for his perseverance and wisdom. #MLK90 BREAKING: @CoveredCA has extended open enrollment. If you start your application by midnight tonight you have until January 18. Make sure you get your application started and find a health plan that fits your needs. https://t.co/K34kUnuWDE If you’re a federal worker in California affected by President Trump’s shutdown, you can apply for state unemployment insurance. Governor Newsom has directed @CA_EDD to streamline processing of claims. You can find more information and apply here: https://t.co/mVMkpEoZmc “The next attorney general must resist pressure from the administration, or Congress, to conduct investigations for political purposes. He must have the integrity, strength, and fortitude to tell the president “no,” regardless of the consequences.” https://t.co/5q1vQKQ8Ek “Now, perhaps more than ever before, the country needs an attorney general who will uphold the rule of law, defend the independence of the Justice Dept., and truly understand their job is to serve as the people’s lawyer—not the president’s lawyer.” https://t.co/3OXoVe1e1d RT @SenateDems: You must have the integrity, the strength, and the fortitude to tell the president no, regardless of the consequences.

In… LIVE: The Senate Judiciary Committee is holding a hearing on the nomination of William Barr to be attorney general. https://t.co/F6dwfHPAp3 Acting Attorney General Matthew Whitaker’s decision to disregard the advice of career DOJ ethics officials to recuse himself from oversight of the Mueller investigation is disconcerting. We’re asking the DOJ to completely review its internal ethics processes and procedures. https://t.co/qv3YxXxhaY Following record-breaking fires, our states should be preparing for the next wildfire. But vital fire-prevention work is not getting done because of President Trump’s shutdown. This undermines our ability to respond to wildfires and puts lives at risk. https://t.co/HHq8Vgr7JD Fact check: Drugs most responsible for the current epidemic like heroin and fentanyl are largely smuggled through ports of entry. A border wall would not stop these drugs from coming into the country. https://t.co/TApsEe8eXG This is just the latest evidence that we must act quickly to reduce harmful emissions. California has shown this is possible. The Trump administration should follow our lead instead of ignoring science and denying climate change exists.
https://t.co/CKPAImSQkn Our greenhouse gas emissions have been warming the oceans even more than we thought, and one-fifth of all corals have died in the past three years. We are changing the nature of the planet. https://t.co/wXLSgxOlZP Californians have until January 15th  to enroll in health insurance through @CoveredCA. https://t.co/WhEXkNRxfa It’s becoming increasingly clear that President Trump is incapable of grasping the reality of the situation. It’s time for Senate Republicans to join us and vote to reopen the government before the president’s shutdown causes more harm. https://t.co/zLcoI6J4Fz All of this fear and uncertainty could end if President Trump would just drop his unreasonable demand for a useless border wall. Democrats have repeatedly offered to let the rest of the government reopen while we continue negotiations over stronger border security measures. President Trump’s shutdown is now the longest in U.S. history. As it drags on, more and more Californians are feeling the harmful effects. Yet President Trump refuses to listen to reason, seemingly unable to understand the real pain his shutdown is causing. Holding detainees at Guantánamo is counter to our national security interests and is a drain on the taxpayers that has cost more than $5 billion. It’s time to close this prison once and for all and I continue to reject any proposal to expand it. 17 years ago the first detainees arrived at the Guantanamo Bay detention facility. I have since called on the Bush, Obama and Trump administrations to remove the detainees and prosecute them in federal criminal court and close the facility. Whether you’re a victim or have knowledge of a potential case, you can call the national hotline 24/7 by dialing 1-888-373-7888 ( TTY: 711) or texting 233733. #HumanTraffickingAwarenessDay Sex trafficking is reprehensible, and the Trafficking Victims Protection Act we passed last month builds on efforts to combat trafficking. Along with renewing programs, it allows the Justice Dept. to get court orders forcing traffickers to remove their ads for underage girls. President Trump’s shutdown is now tied for the longest in U.S. history. There’s no reason why federal employees should be held hostage over his demands for a wall. The president should reopen the government first, then sit down with Congress to negotiate funding for DHS. Fact check: Nearly half of all undocumented immigrants come to the United States legally but then overstay their visas. A border wall would do nothing to curb visa overstays. Fact check: Unauthorized crossings at the Southern border have been at their lowest levels due to investments in border security over the past two decades. In 1994, CBP reported more than 1 million apprehensions. In 2017, that number was just over 300,000. Federal contract workers are some of the most vulnerable to hardship as a result of a government shutdown and, historically, they have not received back pay once the government reopens. We’re fighting to ensure they aren’t penalized for a shutdown they didn’t cause. https://t.co/6TvwoACU4f Two California police officers, Ronil Singh and Natalie Corona, have been killed in the line of duty in the last two weeks. It’s a painful reminder of the dangers our law enforcement officials brave each and every day. My thoughts and condolences to their families. President Trump is playing politics with people’s lives by threatening to withhold emergency aid from wildfire survivors. To make things worse, his shutdown has halted work to reduce wildfire risk right when we should be working to aggressively clear our forests of dead trees. https://t.co/ktVo8HaCBP BREAKING: The Senate just passed a bill to make sure all federal employees receive back pay once the shutdown ends. It’s time for the president to reopen the government and stop holding federal workers hostage to his unrealistic border wall demands. Protecting Special Counsel Mueller's work must be a top priority.  I’m pleased to again cosponsor legislation introduced by Senators @ChrisCoons, @LindseyGrahamSC, @ThomTillis and @CoryBooker to ensure there’s no political inference with the investigation. Let’s get it done! Our amendment making it easier to report suspected child abuse in good faith, without fear of being sued, has been signed into law. I’m glad to see we’re ensuring medical personnel, educators and others who identify potential abuse can do so without fear of coming forward. https://t.co/ZrYr31Ecg8 Glad to join @SenKamalaHarris to reintroduce her bill this year. The Federal Reserve has enormous influence on our economy and we need to make sure its leadership is as diverse as our country.
https://t.co/00ITq11rw9 And it bans magazines and other ammunition feeding devices that hold more than 10 rounds of ammunition, which allow shooters to quickly fire many rounds without needing to reload. Information on all of the bill’s provisions can be found here: https://t.co/2sMmdPeSpJ It also bans any assault weapon that accepts a detachable magazine and has one or more military characteristics including a pistol grip, a forward grip, a barrel shroud, a threaded barrel or a folding or telescoping stock. That’s why I’m proud to introduce the Assault Weapons Ban of 2019. This bill bans the sale, manufacture, transfer and importation of 205 military-style assault weapons by name. Americans across the nation are asking Congress to reinstate the federal ban on military-style assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. If we’re going to put a stop to mass shootings and protect our children, we need to get these weapons of war off our streets. Last year we saw tens of thousands of students take to the streets to demand action to stop mass shootings and stem the epidemic of gun violence that plagues our communities. This generation has grown up with active-shooter drills, hiding under their desks. #EnoughIsEnough The Camp Fire killed 86 people, destroyed 14,000 homes &amp; burned 150,000 acres. It’s absolutely shocking for President Trump to suggest he would deny disaster assistance to the victims. This empty threat is based on groundless complaints, and candidly isn’t worth the time of day. https://t.co/GfbxLQH7vI Let’s reopen the government, make sure our citizens are paid and safe, then sit down at the negotiating table and reach a responsible compromise on these very real challenges. https://t.co/0xQcDBM0VD Democrats support border security, more immigration court judges, policies to humanely hold immigrant families and increased funds for humanitarian programs, all mentioned by the president. In fact we’ve voted for legislation to implement them. President Trump knows the majority of drugs come across at legal ports of entry, not unguarded spaces. He knows that illegal border crossings are at record lows, down 75 percent from 2000. Yet he continues to use these to justify his wall. We face many challenges related to immigration, but a $20 billion border wall won’t fix any of them. Congress should act immediately to reopen the government and then negotiate responsible solutions. It’s why we were sent to Washington. https://t.co/KmwaXujEu4 The president claims that a wall is necessary to curb the flow of drugs into our country. Experience demonstrates that as walls go up, criminals go underground. More than 200 illicit cross-border tunnels have been discovered in the U.S. since 1990. https://t.co/KmwaXuBfSE Cutting emissions is central to the fight against climate change. Despite declining in recent years, U.S. emissions have jumped by 3.4%. The Trump administration is taking us in the wrong direction. We need leadership that will build on California’s efforts, not work against us. https://t.co/LVilDz9iSI I’m proud to join my colleagues on a bill to expand background checks to unlicensed, private gun sales. We’ve seen mass shooters exploit this loophole time after time. The vast majority of Americans support this commonsense measure. Let’s get this done. https://t.co/xuX36smbLw Immigrant families are fleeing horrific violence in Central America, but contrary to the president’s claims, many are turning themselves in at ports of entry to request asylum, not trying to cross the border illegally. https://t.co/KmwaXuBfSE Great read from a former counterterrorism head under Presidents Bush, Obama &amp; Trump. “Anyone in authority using this argument to bolster support for building the wall … along the southern border is most likely guilty of fear mongering &amp; willfully misleading the American people.” https://t.co/t4PFn17A5o It’s also a fact that nearly half of all undocumented immigrants come to the United States legally but then overstay their visas. A border wall would do nothing to curb visa overstays, a legitimate issue that should be addressed. https://t.co/KmwaXuBfSE The president claims that we’re experiencing a border crisis, but he’s wrong. Unauthorized crossings have been at their lowest levels. In 1994, CBP reported more than 1 million apprehensions. In 2017, that number was just over 300,000.” https://t.co/KmwaXuBfSE I’m glad to see a bill providing $12 billion in disaster assistance has been introduced in the House. After a devastating wildfire season, victims need long-term assistance and this is a good first step. I’d like to extend a warm congratulations to all California statewide officeholders being sworn in today. Very glad to see so many San Franciscans sent to Sacramento to work for our great state! I fail to see why this legislation is a priority during the government shutdown. The Senate has a responsibility to uphold the Constitution and keep the government running—this bill does neither. https://t.co/Bb7YYGH14X Instead of wasting time on this unconstitutional bill, the Senate should instead focus on reopening the government by voting on the federal funding package the House passed last week. The Israel anti-boycott legislation being brought before the Senate tomorrow would give states a free pass to restrict First Amendment protections for millions of Americans. Despite my strong support for Israel, I oppose this bill because it clearly violates the Constitution. Congratulations to Governor @GavinNewsom on being sworn in today! I look forward to working with you on the fight for California values and priorities. It was an honor to be sworn in today for another term. I’m excited to get back to work for California and the country. https://t.co/c6H8fiuIdA In the meantime, the Senate should pass the bills approved by the House tonight—Agriculture; Commerce, Justice and Science; Financial Services; Interior; State and Foreign Operations; Transportation-HUD; and the extension for the Homeland Security Dept. Let’s end this shutdown. These bills would end President Trump’s shutdown, which is currently harming more than 800,000 federal employees. President Trump said he plans to meet with Democratic congressional leaders again tomorrow. I’m hopeful they can reach an agreement to end this impasse. The House is scheduled to take two votes tonight. The first will fully fund six of the seven federal spending bills causing the shutdown. The second will reopen the Department of Homeland Security for a month, giving us time to negotiate a full-year spending bill. Congratulations to my dear friend @SpeakerPelosi on once again making history as she takes the Speaker’s gavel. I look forward to working with her and the new Democratic House majority to fight for California’s priorities. Excited to see our earthquake early warning system finally go live. Angelenos, make sure you download #ShakeAlertLA on your mobile device so you can stay safe in the event of an earthquake. https://t.co/k9EsStlUYu Hundreds of American children are abducted to a foreign country every year, but the State Department is failing to use all available tools to pressure foreign governments to return them. We’re urging @SecPompeo to increase his department’s efforts to bring these kids home. https://t.co/V2LTpovaFp Happy New Year! Wishing everyone a festive start to 2019. After shutting down the government (making hundreds of thousands of federal workers go without pay over Christmas) and lying to soldiers in Iraq about a non-existent 10% raise, President Trump now says he’ll freeze pay for all federal workers next year. Unconscionable! We’ll never help improve living conditions in those countries if we further isolate them, a fact that Trump refuses to acknowledge. Even members of his own administration say economic development in Central America is key to solving this crisis, but still he refuses to listen. The only person who doesn’t understand why people are leaving El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras is Pres Trump. The violence &amp; poverty in those countries are forcing families to flee for their lives. A humanitarian crisis deserves a humanitarian response, not a heartless attack. President Trump this morning once again attacked Mexico &amp; Central America, raising the specter of another so-called caravan to stoke fears of his political base and justify his ill-conceived border wall. His actions are irresponsible &amp; threaten to further destabilize the region. Read my letter calling for a hearing on the deaths of two young children in Border Patrol custody this month. We must know more about the care and treatment of these children. https://t.co/oPHuOEkM9D "I am writing to voice my strong concern about the recent deaths and illnesses of children detained in Border Patrol custody, and to request a full accounting and a revised protocol to prevent such tragedies from occurring in the future." https://t.co/D1HRXaXfP8 Happy start of #Kwanzaa to those celebrating across California and the U.S. I hope it’s a joyous holiday with family and friends. Wishing California and everyone celebrating around the world a Merry Christmas! I hope your holidays are restful and full of joy. During the holiday season, hundreds of thousands of federal workers and their families are now worrying when they'll receive their next paycheck. President Trump should honor his original agreement for a short-term funding bill to relieve their stress and reopen the government. There are not 60 Senate votes for the $5 billion of wall funding approved by the House. The House should take up the Senate bill, which was passed unanimously. I thank Secretary Mattis for his lifetime of service to our country, both as a military officer and as the secretary of defense. Secretary Mattis is a respected leader with a clear-eyed understanding of international affairs. His counsel and steady hand will be sorely missed at a time when the president’s decision making is becoming increasingly erratic. I’m alarmed by Secretary Mattis’ sudden resignation. His letter makes clear the president’s rash decision to withdraw troops from Syria and reduce our forces in Afghanistan endangers our allies and threatens our own national security. The Senate unanimously passed legislation to keep the government open. Republican leadership in the House should put the Senate-passed bill on the floor for a vote. A letter from the Justice Department makes clear that ethics officials told Matthew Whitaker that his comments disparaging Special Counsel Mueller's investigation DO create the appearance of a conflict of interest and he should recuse himself. The ATF from 2003-2018 said it could not ban bump stocks through regulation. To ensure the ban is implemented and protected from legal challenges, Congress must pass legislation: https://t.co/yDpht9zeeO Bump stocks allow semi-automatic rifles to fire at an automatic rate of between 400 and 800 rounds per minute. To ensure these deadly devices are banned, Congress must pass a law, not rely on DOJ regulations. https://t.co/yDpht9QPDo Matthew Whitaker’s reported refusal to follow the recommendation of ethics officials further indicates that he views his role as serving President Trump, not the American people. In November, I urged Chairman Grassley to hold an oversight hearing so that we could assess whether Matthew Whitaker’s appointment puts the Mueller investigation at risk. Today’s disturbing reports that he disregarded ethics officials creates even more reason for him to appear. An issue of this significance should be addressed with a formal ethics opinion—not by handpicked political advisers—and the advice of career attorneys should be followed.  https://t.co/UZHowh7Idk Gun groups have already sued to block the ban on bump stocks from taking effect. Congress must pass legislation to ban these dangerous devices. My @PostOpinions op-ed: https://t.co/yDpht9QPDo The Justice Department has been under relentless attack by this president and it needs a leader able to defend the rule of law. The attorney general is charged with protecting the people, not the president. My statement on William Barr's memo: https://t.co/yQm7opb8XX We need answers as to why William Barr proactively drafted a memo against Special Counsel Mueller's investigation. There’s no reason for a lawyer in private practice to do this unless he was attempting to curry favor with President Trump. President Trump’s drastic cuts to Palestinian aid is forcing the U.N. to end food assistance to more than 190,000 people living in Gaza and the West Bank next year. Starving innocent Palestinian families won’t lead to peace. https://t.co/Dm2tHCuSwL The Trump Organization’s pursuit of business abroad creates glaring conflicts of interest, with the president’s foreign policy decisions potentially being influenced by his personal financial interests. Important new report: https://t.co/BfD9NYnt19 The Trump administration continues to undermine protections for LGBTQ Americans, recently erasing OPM guidance for ensuring a positive workplace for transgender federal employees. We’re calling on OPM to restore these important guidelines to protect all federal employees'rights. https://t.co/vAxUJxpUlV The #FirstStepAct also addresses racial disparities in our criminal justice system by allowing ALL prisoners sentenced under the old, discriminatory crack cocaine laws to reduce their sentence. Previously this applied only to those sentenced after the 2010 law was enacted. I sat on 5,000 felony cases as a member of the California Women’s Board of Terms and Parole, and I saw firsthand the importance of judicial discretion. The #FirstStepAct makes vital changes that give judges more flexibility to sentence below mandatory minimums. The Senate passed comprehensive criminal justice reform after years of effort. I proudly supported this bill, which reduces harsh mandatory minimums and helps prisoners prepare to return to their communities. #FirstStepAct President Trump’s trade war is raising costs for American manufacturers and small businesses. If his administration won’t let them apply for tariff relief, Congress must act! https://t.co/iOVIcPAgid The Justice Department has announced a rule banning bump stocks, but the gun lobby has already said it will sue to block the rule. We need to pass a law to ban these dangerous devices and Republicans must support my bill. Customs and Border Protection must provide a detailed explanation of the circumstances surrounding the tragic death of Jakelin Caal Maquin and cooperate with an Inspector General investigation. My letter: https://t.co/DfdRkPYefp IMPORTANT: The recent court ruling on the Affordable Care Act DOES NOT affect California's open enrollment. @CoveredCA has extended the deadline for Californians until December 21 to enroll in a plan that starts January 1. https://t.co/mWu8aFaru4 I’m glad to see the National Institutes of Health is funding two initiatives to research Valley Fever. 10,000 people are infected every year with this devastating fungal infection. This much-needed funding will support research on prevention, detection and treatment. The Victims of Child Abuse Reauthorization Act passed the Senate this week with my provision to extend legal protections to those who assist with reports and investigations of child abuse, like pediatricians. This bill is a no-brainer and I hope the House will pass it quickly. Remember if you need to start new health coverage by January 1, the deadline to sign up for a plan is December 15. Head to @CoveredCA to find a plan that fits your family today. In California you have until January 15 to select coverage that begins February 1. A Texas district court on Friday endangered health care for millions of Americans. Not only does this ruling threaten coverage for pre-existing conditions, it would undo all consumer protections in the ACA and the expansion of Medicaid. My statement: https://t.co/rkpAMR01Wc Families walking hundreds of miles across the desert for a chance for refuge in the U.S. are desperate. We owe them compassionate, humane treatment. We’ll be demanding answers from Commissioner McAleenan as to how this happened and what will be done to prevent future tragedies. https://t.co/88HXJnRH1V 